display dewa advertisements on the mirrors of the restrooms in all customer service centers. display dewa advertisements on the mirrors of the restrooms in all customer service centers. we need to increase our methods of sending our product knowledge to our customers in dewa how. as a method that being used in some restrooms in cinemas and other places as well why not display dewa advertisements on the mirrors of the restrooms in all customer service centers these advertisements will be displayed on the mirrors thru led display which appears and disappears.
what is ivr interactive voice response. short for interactive voice response ivr technology allows customers to interface with your business and receive automated assistance using their phones once logged into the system users can select any number of options by speaking their choices or pressing numbers on touchtone phones. ivr technology can be used to help customers securely accept and process credit card payments when customers call into an automated system the advantages of coupling payment processing with interactive voice response include. easier account management for customers users can make credit card payments and manage their accounts from the convenience of their home office or mobile phones this is especially useful for the twenty percent of customers who don t have regular access to the internet substantial cost reductions for businesses as a business dewa can reduce call center costs by making phone based payment processing one hundred percent automatic rather than interact with a live person users can settle their accounts entirely on their own they just dial in select the appropriate options and initiate payment in addition to lower staffing costs ivr also requires fewer investments in hardware and equipment.
drons. drons is innovation is attracting everyone recently. we can not say there is problem while we can improve and enhance our work by providing latest technology and adopted it in our environment with the vision of sh mohd bin rahsed al maktoum and how he is focusing in drons technology this technology has great impact in all goverment servcies. we need to adopt this technology in dewa environment specailly with the core business of dewa increasing the creativity of dewa and providing smart services to dubai sociaty.
to carrying out of condition monitoring prior to any power interruption. this is with to the reference of the repeated outages we are carrying out for the same customer in order to avoid multiple interruptions my suggestion is to carrying out the condition monitoring of the stations prior to any outages. unnecessary multiple power interruptions to customers. as we have routine maintenance schedule and emergency scheules from mdr and mdu and any requested outages the station going for maintenance shouild be condition monitored and the same check list will be forwarded to the outage group to attend any defects is existing to attend during the outage.
best consumer award. dewa shall consider a separate best consumer award among dewa staff this will create awareness and promote electricity consumption among dewa staff. electricity consumption. dewa shall consider a separate best consumer award among dewa staff this will create awareness and promote electricity consumption among dewa staff.
smile and serve. i would like to suggest an internal campaign in the front line customer service centers under the title of smile and serve as i have come to notice that front line agents are not aware of the importance of putting a smile on their faces during their communication with the customer which affects the customer satisfactin. alot of the front line agents serves the customers with a grumpy face and they do not care much of smiling to the customer or haveing enough eye contact with them. as we are always aiming to reach our customers satisfaction and put on a smile on their faces in order to do so we should start with putting a smile on our front line staff and raise the awareness of the smile importance by sending reminder emails or having group work shops.
creation room. innovation as a concept is to combine several ideas thoughts insights and knowledge into a prespective to produce something that would serve a praticular purpose dewa has employees with multiple talents that would contribute effectively if they work collaboratively in innovating a process product service etc i suggest that dewa would make a creation room for innovators to meet elaborate and think collectively on certain projects ideas etcs that will serve dewa significantly other benefits that can be gained from this creation room develop internal employee professional networking and communication share knowledge and expertise among various technical apsects intiate innovative projects create teams of innovative projects informal brainstorming sessions volunteer to provide training or presentation within his expertise or any topic socialize and strengthen teamwork skills i would be delighted to receive comments and share your opinion on this idea positively or negatively. there bricks of isolation in terms of employees communication between sections and enhance business synergy inside dewa. build creation room with small tables and white boards for informal meetings.
provide accommodation to all band one and two staff. to provide accomdation to all staff on reasonable rent due to rents are incresed too much and not affordable for staff of band one and two. now a day its rents increased too much in dubai that it is not possible for staff below than grade eight to live in a proper place everyone is in great depression which is effecting work performance. by providing accommodation and transportation to all staff they will be satisfied staff such as sr technicians etc to be provided a flat to two persons or making port cabin accommodation near to site office and deduct some amount from their salaries.
labour housing facility near place of work. the idea is to provide cheap and affordable accomodations for labour staffs. housing cost for labour is not affordable they cannot afford standard and hygienic living condition. providing cheap and affrodable accomodation will increase labours saving potential and staffs satisfaction.
digitalizing the internal ads. replacing all existing borders which are used to hold the printed internal statistics ads within dewa premises for the staff to digital screens that can show the same content as automatic slideshow. as per the big shift of all dubai government departments into the digital world the existing way of distributing ads announcements statistics within dewa as printouts looks very old and it affects the image of dewa since every one in dubai knows that dewa is smart. to buy digital screens and disrtibute them all around dewa offices and select the required contentsto be viewed in each screen manage the slideshow of all content.
the best ways to get feedback from dewacustomers. surveys are the bread and butter for getting feedback they are easy to set up easy to send out easy to analyze and scale very well what its not to like? there are two basic ways to approach surveys. long surveys this is what we are most familiar with after creating some questions with survey we can send out the link to our customer list twitter followers and anyone else then we give it a few days check back and have all sorts of feedback hopefully now many people get poor results when they send out surveys either nobody finishes the survey or the responses aren t helpful it doesn t have to be this way use these easy tricks to make sure you get great responses from your surveys keep it short we ve all filled out surveys that took over twenty minutes was that a fun twenty minutes that you remember fondly? of course not it was tedious work and i bet you started rushing through the answers after the first few questions right? i sure do so if we want to get quality answers from our customers it is critical that we ask only a few key questions try to keep your surveys to five questions and definitely don t go over ten. short surveys on dewa web site the other option is to offer a survey right on dewa web site but i recommend that you avoid throwing a full blown survey right at dewa visitors if you want to feature a survey on dewa site keep it to one or two questions that are highly relevant to the page that it is being displayed on you ll get much better feedback this way.
increase solar pv efficiency through effective and cost effective dust and sand self cleaning solution. apply a transparent thin and anti soiling or self cleaning coating on pvs to reduce eliminate dust and sand accumulation on pvs in a cost effective manner in comparison with current traditional manual cleaning and brushing techniques. this is a common problem particularly in the gcc region with dry tropical climate wherein sand and dust accumulation heavily impact pv efficiency can reach minus fifty percent according to some studies moreover the labor intensive cleaning and brushing techniques currently used can significantly raise oandm costs and discourage dewa and its customers distributed generation from adopting solar energy. to the best of my knowledge a commercialized solution doesn t yet exist but many organizations research bodies are developing testing coating solutions hence i would recommend that dewa partners with one of these bodies e g onrl through our established randd in order to speed up the validation demonstration and implementation of such solution.
dewa its museum of innovation and sustainability. a museum highlighting dewa its latest adopted green technologies and smart services is proposed the museum provides visitors with an interactive hands on experience that teach people about renewable energy sources and how to use energy more efficiently. it is important to engage the society practically with dewa its sustainable approach strategy and share the future with people to promote a thriving sustainable nation. three hundred and sixty degree projections of dewa its future sustainable energy solar power clean coal smart metering etc through interactive films and visual effects can all be integrated to provide visitors with a unique experience to learn and act positively thereafter.
option may be given to staff to invest in dewa bond. dewa may consider to allow staff to invest in dewa bonds staff may consider this as an additional benefits staff may use their saving to invest in dewa bonds instead of using international investment option staff may use this option to invest their savings. simply keeping savings in current account do not add any value therefore staffs want to invest their savings which give some return atleast to cover high inflation rate to find out the appropriate investment option is really a difficult task for the general staff. dewa may prepare the feasibility study to consider giving bond option to staff.
3d printing construction for all dewa buildings. a new technology of construction is introduced in china where buildings are being constructed using 3d printing of structural elements this is a boom in the construction industry and dubai should be utilizing it in its new buildings to be constructed. current construction technologies are time consuming hazardous costly generates waste. new technology of construction is introduced in china where buildings are being constructed using 3d printing of structural elements this is a boom in the construction industry and dubai should be utilizing it in its new buildings to be constructed.
dewa card. dewa card contain useful info. 1 a lot of customers come to pay or have other inquires without bill or account number 2 if the manual system is down the customer can not pay by cheque unless the customer bring his her bill to scan the barcode 3 if the manual system and laser scanner are down cashier can use the magnetic strip on the card and swipe dewa card to get the customer info. dewa card contains customer name account number premise number barcode of account number magnetic strip for account number and other useful info.
provision for ablutions place ladies and mens. provision for ablutions place ladies and mens in umm ramool office. slip where there is water on the floor. availability a ablutions place.
option for providing ideas for work placement students. many university students are taking work placement in dewa as many of them staying more than one month they can have many suggestions which can benefit dewa. currently not available. my suggestion to provide an option for these work placement in mydewaideas to provide any suggestion during their work placement period the student can be awarded at end of his period for his suggestions.
providing pedestrian walkway at car entry point of al dewa admin building. pedestrian walkway should be available in the ground floor of a building wherever car entry point is provided in order to improve health and safety aspect of the emloyees visitors. there is no pedestrian walk way in one of the car entry point of al dewa admin building please refer to the attached layout of the compound and picture which are self explanatory. a pedestrian walkway to be provided beside the car entry barrier so that people entering exiting from that side don t have to go between under the car entry barrier gate this is especially applicable when there is a fire alarm since assembly points are located on that side of the admin building the similar pedestrian walkways are available for other car entry points of the admin building.
brain storming session out of the box. to conduct a brain storming session in limousine so the limousine will be moving around well known places in dubai and assission will be conducted inside the limousine later the limousine can stop next to abeach and the staff can have a small snack outside the limousine again the tour of the limousine will contoinue and the final distination will be lunch in resturant or a hotel. mainly the brain storming session conducted in meeting room which does not support the staff to give ideas or propose new things. move the staff to different environment far away from work in different condition in order to motivate him her to give new ideas and shar ideas with other and be fare away from work stress.
persentation of the month award for knowledge management. award the best presenter or presentation every month thru voting to encourage more employees to present and achieve km goals. attract more employees to share their knowledge how. persentation of the month award for knowledge management award the best presenter or presentation every month thru voting to encourage more employees to present and achieve km goals.
one solution for multiple problems dewa electric bus service from muhaisnah 4 to al dewa complex. we require dewa electric buses to pick and drop from muhaisna 4 dewa accomodation to al dewa complex then staffs will not be used their own cars to come office it will resolve multiple problemse g on the way traffic car parking in office and air pollution as well for better climate. large number of staffs living in muhaisna 4 dewa accomodation r 415 at the same time we all leave from our home for the office at al dewa complex in our own cars causing more traffic late on duty and after reaching office parking issues and more cars means more air pollution. dewa electric bus service will pick and drop dewa staffs from muhaisna 4 dewa accomodation to al dewa complex or other dewa premises.
award distribution to employees as recognition for excellent attendance record. generation division has arranged an award ceremony for generation employees as recognition for excellent attendance during 2013 2014 it would be a motivating approach for the employees if the same is started in the other dewa divisions too. unnecessary use of leaves by employees. motivate the employees through award distribution.
7 30am eliminating staff parking problem. managing dewa employee carparking effectively for all by suitable time management plan. most of us reach office as an average 7 15am minus seven point four five am practically averaged at seven point three am due to some reason addition of new employee more cars in two thousand and fifteen the frontside parking for dewa employee gets filled up by 7 30 and security doesnt allow you to park in customer parking area just to rush for a punch in atleast and have to make rounds and rounds and waste considerable time till seven point five am etc to get aparking space but surprisingly when we see the parking at 7 50am twenty percent area is empty. 1 no contractor may be allowed to put car in dewa employee parking as well dewa vehicle number tag may be issued to employee cars so that security can identify cars 2 our site supervision staffs dewa patrolling pick up and field site supervision vehicles staff normally park vehicle in front side dewa common staff parking but its a fact that as per nature of work they leave this warson office within 10 25 minutes so if the dewa site vehicles and small pick up parking can be maintained outsde the gate other place as in main office the slots can be parked by the non field staffs in crucial 730am timing as anyway the site going brothers take their dewa vehicle to site so this will provide sufficint parking space especially in moning 7 30am slot at evening when they return they can park inside dewa 2 30pm onwards.
nursery outsourcing. many employees are trying to sign up their children to dewa nursery but due to capacity reasons dewa is finding it difficult to satisfy all employees related to this matter so why not outsource a nursery that is well known to satisfy the high demand. many employees are trying to sign up their children to dewa nursery but due to capacity reasons dewa is finding it difficult to satisfy all employees related to this matter. outsource a nursery that is well known to satisfy the high demand this could solve this matter at the moment ofcourse employees will have to pay more compare to dewa nursery maybe dewa can arrange to reduce the price somehow if there will be a contract with the desired nursey.
dewa cares cash award to new parents in dewa. introduce dewa cares cash award of dhs 2 000 or any suitable amount to new parents in dewa i e to all dewa employees irrespective of their grade on becoming a parent only to the female employee if both parents are working in dewa. preparation of a detailed program. hr needs to prepare a detailed program obtain mdandceo approval and submit necessary documents to fd e g copy of the new born baby its passport birth certificate showing the names of parents for payment through the payroll.
electric drive vehicle. since dewa is responsible for production and distribution of electricity it will be a very good notion if dewa will be the one to first use and introduce the electric drive vehicle in u a e if further study shows that it will be financially and economically benefical can be possible for an extended business proposal. not really a problem but an innovation that might help financially economically and environmentally. to have a feasiblity study and thorough research of the benefits and advantages of using electric drive vehicle.
punching machines. new punching machines should be established in each floor. long lines form dewa employees standing before and after 2 30 waiting to punch there cards and this in front of all dewa customers and it is not good for dewa image. having two machine in each floor will help and prevent such problem.
paper waste awareness and green recycling program. according to paper waste facts website one piece of a4 consumes ten liters of water where recycling one ton of paper saves around six hundred and eighty two point five gallons of oil 26 500 liters of water and seventeen trees conciousness about the impact of paper waste on the planet should be promoted across dewa a recycling trash bin in every section will create a healthy practice. there is no clear channel for waste paper in dewa! i have waste papers and i dont know what should i do with them. smart trash bin where it can measure the weight of paper scrabbed in it and measure the amount of waste produced per department if the total waste paper is exceeding one kg then as an green intiative the department should plant a tree in designated area an award for the most green practices in wasted paper done by the department.
hassle free utility payments. adding more utility payment kiosks across dewa office premises such as du adwea sewa and staff priority counters for dewa will help the employees to pay their utility bills hassle free. there are people who are not using the smart paying system and still uses payment counters and pay in machines to make the utility payments for this they have to invest considerable time and this may result in late attendance and short leaves. installation of various utility kiosks such as du etisalat adwea sewa etc in the premises of dewa will help the employees to pay the utility bills on time and avail less leaves which is consumed for such activities.
drive through bill payment counter at dewa head office. drive through bill payment counter can be provided at dewa head office like other dewa locations to facilitate customer coming to pay their bills it will help customers to save their time in finding parking space in customer parking areas and waiting in queue for bill payment. customer face problem in finding parking spaces and waiting for payment. drive through bill payment counter can be provided at dewa head office like other dewa locations to facilitate customer coming to pay their bills it will help customers to save their time in finding parking space in customer parking areas and waiting in queue for bill payment.
green initiative. availability of energy saving appliances on discounted rates. one of the main reson towards the practical implementation of solar energy utilization and or energy saving practices that relevant appliances are available in the market at higher cost comparing to the conventional appliances. dewa shall made arrangements with certain vendors suppliers of energy saving accessories like lamps solar panels etc to be purchased on discounted rates for dewa employees.
women power self propelled. enhancing motivation knowledge and empowerment levels amongst dewa women workforce. lack of research knowledge esource facility training and financial support for dewa women its professional and personal development. one to consider establishing dewa women support fund that will purely generate funds from voluntary donations from dewa women staff two the proceeds of dewa women support fund will be utilised for the setting up and establishing of a women its resource and research centre and library which will be administered and managed by women for the purpose of positive enlightenment holistic growth and empowerment of women three all contents and information exchanged in the women its randr centre to be exclusively on subjects and real pressing issues concerning not only the working women all women of our times the facility should bring about delight and hope for women without sounding too moralistic four also later on the dewa women support fund may consider giving financial assistance for deserving women for pursuance of higher education or training in public administration and leadership five care should be taken for the project not to take a feminist twist women its resource and research centre and library should essentially facilitate for the blossoming of successful well balanced and progressive women staff of dewa.
use of led bulbs tube lights in dewa office government buildings. we can replace the existing cfl fluroscent tubelights used in dewa offices government buildings with very minor modifications which brings in huge benefits to envornmental impact energy savings and cost savings to dewa. we are using cfl fluroscent tubelights lifetime of ordinary bulbs is approximately one two years in dewa offices which is not really energy efficient cost benefits environmental friendly. we can replace the existing cfl tubelights in dewa offices with a minor modification in the wiring system replace the existing ballast and starter with led compatible ballast and dimmer optional and led tubelights which has a lifespan of appprox 15 20 years.
problemsolved. create an internal website blog which staff can post what are the technical problems they are facing and all the users who have the experience in this matter will reply with their solution or a way to help also if the staff found the solution on his own should post it on the same place the website will allow users to post tutorials on how to do tasks on their own jobs for the new joiners to learn the website will be sectioned according to dewa specialities the website information will pile up to create a great knowledge pool for the whole dewa staff on how to do their day to day tasks. 1 it takes a while to know the procedures on how to do your day to day tasks 2 the lack of a media for the employees to share their knowledge with the rest of the staff. create an internal website blog which staff can post what are the technical problems they are facing and all the users who have the experience in this matter will reply with their solution or a way to help also if the staff found the solution on his own should post it on the same place the website will allow users to post tutorials on how to do tasks on their own jobs for the new joiners to learn.
new dewa website design for visually impaired users customers. to update dewa website design with necessary modules fixes to be accessible and readable by visually impaired users again dewa will show its commitment for social resposibility and of course increase customer satisfaction as well the internet is tremendously important in our daily lives including the lives of people who are blind or visually impaired we check the news sports weather and stocks engage in social networking and make banking transactions and travel plans alongside fully sighted friends not every website however is optimally designed for use by web surfers with visual impairments when a website is built without regard to proper web design they become inaccessible by people with vision loss who use access technology source american foundation for blinds. the current dewa website cannot be accessible by visually impaired users blinds so i think it is an area of improvement to show dewa social responsibilty for specail needed customers. to update dewa website design with necessary modules fixes to be accessible and readable by visually impaired users the redsigned website may be launched on blind ones world day on 15th october.
ask dewa. we should make a an interactive system for replying on employees inquiries ex like live chat. usually you need to approach or call hr help desk or call it help for some inquires related to employees affairs or work requirements. we can establish live chat on freejna website and dedicate employees from hr help desk and it help to answer any queries.
how to involve all dewa employeeas for mydwewa idea campain. hard copy like air passage form and medical insurance form with prno and deparment and division details to be update on the printed form with idea column the same to be circulated to the individual department through deparment coordianters for to be submittedto the emplyoyess with the time limit the same to be recollected and sent to the idea team this is will work one hundred percent. participation of non accessable computer users. one hundred percent participation for mydewa ideas.
account details. shortcut link from customer services on dewa app and dewa website to provide customers to create accounts by themselves. smart services when we register anew acoount online in dewa app they are always haven t business partner number and p o box number which are too much important so we asked customer service to provide us with theses numbers after more time and efforts. link from customer services to dewa app and dewa website to can get business partner number and p o box.
not only cash or online but also atm devices. expand channels of paying bills insurance and other services in dewa by subscribing with atm devices. pay bills insurance. dewa card as atm cards subscribe with atm devices.
mothers save your children from electric shock. protecting children from getting shocked is an important part of being a parent according to the electrical safety foundation international more than seven children a day are harmed in the u its by playing with a wall outlet and more than two hundred people die from electrocution each year even more astonishing is the fact that more than seventy percent of electrical accidents in children occur at home while the parents are present according to the u its consumer product safety division refer link below http www fusionkc com fusion electric blog 3 ways protect child electric shock earth leakage circuit breakers elcb are installed to trip a circuit when a fault current flows to the earth through the neutral in brief when anyone touches a live socket the elcb will trip elcb its are designed to trip at thirty milli amps 40 volts which is normally our feeling current voltage the tripping of elcb depends on the earthing resistance value which shall be below 1ohm as per dewa standard this resistance depends on the moisture content of the soil in the electrical earth pit provided in the house. during summer the moisture in earth pit evaporates and the resistance value increases to even above one hundred ohms and hence elcb will not trip for any earth fault so people are vulnerable to electric shock and fire accidents even dewatering in nearby plots for new building construction will drain the moisture in our plots http www emirates247 com news 6 year old emirati dies of electric shock 2014 03 10 1 541040. to avoid this i suggest that in every villa drain pipe from one of their their room air conditioner shall be connected to the electrical earth pit so that the pit is always wet throughout the year this will ensure less resistance and elcb does its duty and saves lives of our loved ones and assets i strongly recommend that dewa shall bring in the regulation and set an example to this busy world.
dewa paper recycling plant. establish a paper recycling plant on a small scale the output from paper recycling can be smartly used for various purposes for instance as in gift wrapping of dewa its gift articles and promotional items. a lot of paper is trashed into the bin on a daily basis collectively it is a lot of wastage which can be recycled and positively utilised. to consider setting up a paper recycling plant owned and managed by dewa climate change and sustainability and use the output for dewa its own purpose by this paper wastage is offset by positive utilisation.
our channel. creat dewa t v channel. advertising and to be world class utility. to show dewa its activities achievements dewa its mission and dewa its strategic goals for the local and international community.
digital locker for storing personal identity and important documents. in dewa and for all dubai government services the copy of the passport jinsiah card has been asked from the employees for visa renewal and other services as the passport jinsiah card contains many pages it is bad for the environment to make plenty of copies of such documents every time. our environment will be safe by reducing the carbon foot print. to achieve the idea each and every employee at dewa level or residents in uae level a digital storage facility server is to be made and the employee residents may be awarded a digilocker number with a seperate pin number with permission to add and remove which could be linked with their emirates id the personal identity documents such as passport driving license marriage certificate birth death certificates etc can be scanned and stored in the locker by the employee residents whenever the documents are required anywhere the number of digilocker could be referred by the individual and could be viwed verified by the authorized offices who ever enroll for this facility with permission to view only recently government of india made this facility for every citizens of india to make use of this which can be accessed through the following website digilocker gov in for further information.
dewa food court. international food court that have a variety of dishes that serve local international employees by allocating an outdoors space with enough room of tables and gazebos. heavy food should not be served in the office due to air filter and closed boundaries. create a proper space outdoor or on the roof where people can eat and smoke comfortably without affecting others.
material submittal form. material submittal form one of the most important tamplet using for submit and approve all material presented by dewa its contractor and outsoursing contracts. within our work in civil maintenance section we are working with subcontractors for substation building maintenance work and we require from them to submite their materials for approval and we don t have any form to document this approval officially. using material submittal form.
new born baby package. the idea is to give dewa employees who have a new born in the family new born baby package that contains simple stuff from diaper milk bottles etc. we want to put a smile on the parents of a new born baby how. the idea is to give dewa employees who have a new born in the family new born baby package that contains simple stuff from diaper milk bottles etc if this idea could not be implemented to all the employees atleast implement this for the low grades employees example from grade seven and below.
5s model total quality management. 5s methodology implemented in many industries around the world it comes under quality management as a tool for occupational health and safety in the work place. stacked files lost folders electric cables laying everywhere cpu burning and reports of near misses. implementing the 5s model will support our work environment in becoming safer cleaner more representable and unique to our own by eliminating waste organizing the folders unifying the stickers to each and every department organize storage rooms clear labelling and hide electricals from sight to keep the workplace healthy and safe for employees customers suplliers etc units will have to work as a team to implement this model which will promote teamwork and share responsibility of keeping the place tidy.
dewa its sustainability ambassadors. suggesting forming dewa its sustainability network that includes all dubai government entities presented by dewa its sustainability ambassadors. sustainability is a priority in dubai its agenda and significantly has a tremendous impact on economy environment and society therefore dewa has put a lot of budget and efforts to promote sustainability but it seems logical to engage and involve all dubai government entities to have the desired outcome. i suggest forming dewa its sustainability network that includes all dubai government entities an official representative from each entity will present his her department authority special training will provided and quarterly meeting to discuss sustainability related issues will be scheduled the objectives of this network are spread the awareness of sustainability within all dubai government entities involve and share responsibilities towards sustainability initiatives within all dubai government entities discuss sustainability challenges and resolve related issues with the engagement of all dubai government entities promote dubai as an international model in promoting and implementing sustainability.
employees motivation initiative. dewa has launched its employees happiness department to achieve its new strategic objective in its 2014 2018 strategy to achieve the happiness of its stakeholders including its employees i propose employees motivation initiative to support such objective. employees are demotivated and lack happiness and loyalty. to implement employees motivation initiative as per attached presentation.
restrict the use of hard copy wher ever possible. we should minimise use of paper for 1 sap related activitie like mrq mrr price comparision 2 daily activities report 3 weekly report this can save cost of paper as well as environmental also example if we stop using mrq by paper we can save good quantity of paper as it can be done by small sticky note by store people. too much papers are being used for store related function like mr inspection pr coll etc it affects on cost and environmental also. we can use a small sticky note for mr pr number and give it to store people they can post their stock by number only this look a small issue but if we consider whole dewa store it is huge quantity so we should think not only cost but environment also.
be part of it! gov connect expo 2020. dewa to develop and publish an inter governmental communication magazine titled gov connect expo 2020 to help support the vision and goal of dubai expo two thousand and twenty amongst the dubai government and semi government entities the content of the magazine will purely be dedicated to dubai expo two thousand and twenty and related information and implications thereof the name of the magazine is proposed to indicate connecting government entities for scripting the success story of dubai expo 2020 it effectively falls in line with the theme of the expo which is connecting minds creating the future an alternative name for the magazine could be govaction expo 2020 it has the strategic scope for any future inter governmental engagement and action on any grand subject e g govaction uae olympics. awareness levels in general about the scope value and related implications of dubai expo two thousand and twenty amongst the government sectors workforce is low. dewa to initiate and take the lead to increase the engagement and awareness levels by from the government institutions in dubai for the purpose of accomplishing the vision of expo 2020 its governing committee through the following develop and publish gov connect expo 2020 which will be a special monthly magazine dedicated to dubai expo two thousand and twenty gov connect expo two thousand and twenty will be developed with the support and collaboration of all dubai government and semi government entities it can either be of a printed publication electronic or both gov connect expo two thousand and twenty to be headed and managed by dewa to be professionally supported by a select and committed team comprising representatives from the critical stakeholders of expo two thousand and twenty and other government departments magazine its content will be generated invited from all of dubai its government and semi government entities distribution of the gov connect expo two thousand and twenty magazine will be in and for all dubai its government and semi government entities and related establishments as sustainability is a sub theme under the main theme of the expo connecting minds creating the future dewa its vision and its sustainability agenda can also be strategically leveraged through gov connect expo two thousand and twenty in the process innovatively reinforce the thought leadership position of dewa to sum up the magazine will serve as a voice to celebrate innovation in consideration to the fact the essence of any expo is innovation invention and creativity for the betterment of peoples life across the world.
additional atm machines. to add more atm machines at dewa head office. all dewa customers and employees at head office are using one atm machine. by adding more atm machines from different banks to avoid any possible congestion.
strategy plan for a c consumption. a c is consider as a critical issue for any electricity authority due to its high power consumption this suggestion give a strategic solution for controlling and reducing a c power consumption. air conditioners are one of the biggest consumers of electricity in dubai the system peak requirement of the electricity consumption in two thousand and fourteen summer reached seven thousand two hundred and thirty three mw in dubai while in winter it reaches around four thousand mw if this change was investigated the main reason for this lowering rate would be the usage of air conditioners in summer that is why dewa should focus on exchanging the inefficient energy consuming air conditioners with more energy friendly ones. my recommendation is to set a strategic plan that is built on two steps the first is to subsidize the efficient air conditioner systems and provide offers on it so that residents would become more inclined to buy these air conditioners after this step gets familiarized by the residents of dubai dewa will start with the second step of the plan by setting legislation with dubai government to prevent any air conditioner that doesnandapos t meet the requirements from entering the city.
save electricity with improved design. dewa have many building and offices and in the buildings dewa is encouraging employees to use stairs then the lifts i noticed there are staff parking in the building like ground plus two floors then the offices starts i am sure dewa will be building more offices and building and i would like to suggest may be in future the offices can be on ground and 1st 2nd and parking should start after the offices toward roof in this way it is easy for employees to come down from the stairs and also convenient for customer to use stairs then lifts for a floor or two i am sure this will save a lot of electricity and also will encourage employees using stairs. usage of lifts by employees and customers. provide parking floors above or under basments offices.
a priorety service thukhr card in the que machine. this thukhr card we can put in the machine and they can get a quick que number. the customer has thukhr card but they take number from the que machine and wait as a normal customer. therefore they can take a quick number from machine because they have put their thukhr card.
pay for planet. charge for paper bill. still some customers are not registered for green bills e bills and dewa is sending paper bills. change all the billings to green bill and inform the customers through sms if they need paper bills charge five dirhams per each bill and request them to register for paper bills through online.
training attendance using smart apps or software and collection of training details in real time. training attendance can be managed using a smart app or other software instead of using attendance sheets which need to be collected by training department this is possible considering almost everyone has a smart phone and thus would facilitate training attendance in real time such processes are used in universities wherein students have to check in to their scheduled class thus automating attendance automating attendance of trainings can help divs depts to track their training hours and other training related kpis although sap system is already automating some of this the attendance of the staff is not captured there is the chance that this may be open to abuse by some staff but perhaps hr can implement some controls on this moreover if using a smart app for attendance the process maybe limited to trainings within dewa premises which mostly have wifi coverage. every month training department requests all divs depts to submit their training hours only for internal trainings which are then included in the kpi average training hours trainings arranged by through hr are also suitably captured by training dept themselve however there are trainings awareness workshops arranged by other dewa divs depts for all dewa staff for which the attendance sheet is awaited by training dept to include in the training hours for staff often there is a delay to submit the attendance sheet for such trainings as such it is difficult for divs depts to accurately monitor kpi average training hours for their own staff and can only react to kpi results provided at the end of the quarter. by automating attendance and centralized registration with hr of all trainings seminars workshops training hours can be captured in real time smart apps can be used to sign in into a course using a code provided only during the training seminar workshop alternatively dewa ids can also be used to check in to trainings seminars workshops once all participants have signed in the attendance is automatically registered with training dept and the training details are updated right away.
dewa bill payment through clients bank account directly. when customers will apply to have electricity or water in there place they will be asked for they input salary details like account no then dewa will deal with the bank and the dewa system will automaticaly deduct the price from the customer its bank account to pay his bill under controlling feature which is specifying the amount range that acceptable to be deducted. dewa customers may find it dificult to pay their bill as it require them to come physically or either pay useing the application. automaticaly deduct the price from the customer its bank account to pay his bill and allow the customer to specify the amount of money acceptable to be deducted and it there is exceeding in the amout should a notificatin sent to the client to inform him her that the bill is exceeding the amout that needed to be deducted.
awarding the employee with the highest number of suggestions. in order to encourage dewa employee to effectively contribute in enhancing developing and initiating new ideas it is recommended to award them based on highest number of participation. few number of employees who are participating and effective in using dewa ideas. innovation team should sort out the list of employees with highest number of suggestions through one year and awarding them accordingly then announce the result through dewa news to encourage the others to do the same.
implementation of alert stickers. to paste the alert stickers in all dewa vehicles one no smoking two no drinking or eating three don t use cell phone four fast your seat belt five turn off your vehcle if you are parking more then two minutes. safety issue and to avoid wasting of fuel. by pasting the alert stickers on dashboard of all dewa vehicles.
dewa charity services. create a special department for charity voluntary services and charity donations for the poor and needy. different areas of charity activities done by dewa and a centralized place. centralized department to take care of all charity services.
display screens for customers on front line counters. a screen should be provided facing towards customer on each front line counter to enable customers to double check their personal info like mobile no email id etc before it is saved in sap customer can digitally sign on that screen also. wrong email ids and wrong mobile nos can be stored at the time of registration due to the reason that some times customer do not write clearly on the application form for example in email id under score is entered in system as hyphen or dot as full stop. a screen should be provided facing towards customer on each front line counter to enable customers to double check their personal info like mobile no email id etc before it is saved in sap customer can digitally sign on that screen also.
just in supply jis. the most consumable items and high volume and less value items may be purchased from local suppliers as per preagreed price it will reduce cost of procurement cost of carryover of stock insurance and will promote local industries by effective partnership sustain resources we will grow along with all in dubai. most of the consumables requires frequently and will increase the work load for engineers and supporting staff procurement time and lead time will affect the overhaul schedule since it is frequent use maintenance staff will have tendency to keep some stock on their own custody it will increase the stock and improper use if material available on call from reputed supplier it will be fresh and good quality instead old obsolete items compromised quality from available supplier some of the items will pose safety threat like paints lube and hydraulic oils some of the items were purchased in bulk quanties and not utilized and become scrap the volume of stock scrap and waste will increase. the following items are some example to purchase from reputed local supplier on call with delivery note valve gland packings and packing ropes gaskets sheets spw insulated etc bearings and seals metal sheets angles bolt and nuts clamps grating chequer plates pipes and tubes transformer oils lube and hydraulic oils filters and strainers paints and chemicals insulation and refractory materials gauges and valves.
disabling send to a friend link. the idea is to disable send to a friend link in my ideas portal once the idea complete seven days. keeping the link enabled will create a confusion currently the link is enabled and the staff can send it to a friend but the other party will not be able to open the link therefore its better to disable it. to avoid sending emails to friends with broken links.
self assessmentautomated system. in order to achieve better organizational excellence results we need to apply the latest best practices available to us whereas dubai municipality have established a full automated self assessment tool as a best practice and following is a brief about the system name of the system e taqyeem electronic self assessment owner dubai municipality excellence department objective of the system to perform a self internal audit on departments to measure and assess each criteria for each department easily to save time since it doesn t need any preparations to ensure efficiency in preparing reports and takes short time it is based on the radar methodology self preparing generated report. self assessment in dewa time and cost saving. introduce a new system to self assessment internally.
iso50001 energy management systemsstandard. the iso fifty thousand and one standard is a new international applicable to any organization whatever the size industry or geographical location will benchmark energy management and establish a framework for organization to manage energy use efficiently the iso fifty thousand and one specifies requirements for an organization to establish implement maintain and improve an energy management system in addition the iso fifty thousand and one is based on the plan do check act pdca continual improvement framework and incorporates energy management practices into everyday organizational activities therefore this is a great opportunity for dewa to apply for the iso fifty thousand and one whereas it will cover the following need to minimize fossil fuel use and mitigate ghg fossil fuels such as coal petroleum and natural gas make up the bulk of the india its primary energy sources and their consumption is a major source of greenhouse gas emissions leading to concerns about global warming if not used efficiently need to adopt energy management with uae its demand for energy growing the need to adopt alternative approaches like increased energy efficiency renewable energy etc to meet energy demand is also growing just in this respect energy management comes on the scene its penetration and adoption is slow due to various reasons. demand side management. dewa to apply for the iso fifty thousand and one.
dewa divisionalstrategy awareness communication plan. action plan for dewa strategy awarness and divisional awareness. to ensure awareness is spread in dewa and to all employees. template has been prepared for all divisions.
proposal public pollmeasuring and opinion unit. in order to fully meet the capacity of the needs of our stakeholders internal and external and satisfy their needs the public poll measuring and opinion unit will support all divisions to poll measure and gather opinions on different services in order to help in the successful planning and smart industry strategies of dewa by providing advice based on realistic basis the unit will use the best global practices in opinion surveys through the primary and secondary research study and analysis of the last experiences of the public poll measuring and opinion of the stakeholders and demonstrate the trends to identify development aspects the unit will measure the level of satisfaction of the public as well as the employees stakeholders internal and external through opinion surveys based on the services offered to them identify public opinions trends by knowing the needs and aspirations of dubai its society in order to determine the aims that must be achieved by the initiatives projects conducted by deaw that target the interest of the society as well as measuring indicators of success or failure of those initiatives projects and adopt appropriate action plans supporting mdandceo and the top management to take the appropriate decisions in various areas according to the analytical results of the surveys creating a database of surveys results to compare with the international centers of public opinion surveys and benchmarking centers creating a unit that is neutral in dewa and results will be trustworthy and by achieving transparency between public opinion center and the public through the publication of the survey results in media. enhance existing services of dewa. public poll measuring and opinion unit.
new id card. staff identification as per dewa band should be appears on staff id card. presently there is a green strip line above the contents of dubai electricity and water authority printed on dewa its identity card of each staff. this green strip line should be different and according to the grads of staff as below one band 4 red two band 3 blue three band 2 green four band 1 white.
dewa happiness screens. install happiness screens at dewa premises lcd screens to present happiness moments for dewa staff or dewa successful journey. to help acheiving the stratgic objectives for dewa and the vision of sheikh mohammed regarding happenies. installing lcd its at various dewa premises and name it happiness screens these screens can show the happiness moments in dewa successful journey or for staff good moments or suuplier etc screens can be fixed at noticeable areas like cs waiting areas for customers and beside punching time in and out areas etc.
encourage dewa customers to pay their utility bills in advance pass on discount to the customers for maintaining credit in their utility account. encourage dewa customers to pay their utility bills in advance. customers are not benefited for maintaining credit in their utility account. encourage dewa customers to pay their utility bills in advance provide them with appropriate incentives or pass on discount in utility bills of the custormers for maintaining credit in their utility dewa account this will bring cash in advance it will be a win win situation where both the parties the customer and dewa will be benefited dewa may meet customer satisfaction.
program the lifts or elivators in dewa so that when it is idle it will go to preassigned floors. lift operation can be improved and save time for users just by programming it to move to preassigned floors when it is idle for example in morning lifts can be assigned to basement parking and ground floor to facilitate emplyees go up without wasting time for waithing later part of the day can be programmed one lift in each floor all the time. at present all lifts are stopped at last used place if someone is in a hurry or wants to use the lift immidiately has to wait for long time. change or reprogram the lift control system.
breaker failure protection and inadvertent energizing of a generator. 1 to neglect the risk of breaker failure these schemes are generally based on the assumption that if current is still flowing through the circuit breaker a set time after the trip command has been issued 2 during an inadvertent energizing incident the generator acts as an induction motor to drive the turbine the generator starts to accelerate the turbine and the exciter as it comes up to speed the unit passes through its natural torsional frequencies vibration blade distortion and rubbing may cause turbine damage if the energizing source is not removed soon enough the blades in the steam turbine may become overheated if the turbine continues to rotate at high speed without any steam flow bearing failure due to insufficient lubrication can occur. 1 breaker fail to operate 2 inadvertent energizing of a generator. 1 it is possible to reduce the time for backup fault clearance often it is less expensive to install a local backup protection and breaker failure protection than to reinforce the power system for longer fault clearance times 2 dedicated protection systems are recommended to detect inadvertent energizing.
be dewa representative in any dubai exhibition. dewa employs can attend any exhibition in dubai officially for any field and get new technologies products software or process and forwarded to dewa e portal where anyone can access and take benefit form these information. dubai hosting too many exhibitions for different field construction rail aviation landscaping gis food etc which are coming with new technology and latest products around all world dewa cannot cover all these expiations officially although different field can meet different dewa department its needs. one in order to not missing any exhibition it to create sharing link in e portal where any employee can choose the exhibition category he attended and to upload all the information he collected from the exhibition he think it can help any department in dewa or meet dewa strategy along with his justification why it can help dewa two dewa to make evaluation committee to evaluate the information and circulate the information to concerned department to be line with latest around world technology three yearly dewa to choose best participant who provided dewa with best information or any of his submitted information has been implemented by dewa department and to reward him four dewa to cooperate with exhibitions organizers to provide dewa employee with all expiations schedule to encourage them to attend.
smart away save energy and money. industrial and residential customers who register for smart away should inform dewa through portal or dewa app one week or month before regarding travelling abroad or staying away for full cycle half cycle for billing or beyond may be week month quarter some times should get five 50 percent off for the off cycle bill or a winner every year during wetex gitex events if there is no consumption as informed based on the overall saving when customers increase over a period for the smart away the generation can be decreased if there is very high decrease over city consumption as informed and promises specially during holidays or industries shutdown this will also make sure upto good extent consumers dont miss out some appliances or equipments running while going away for long time this will also help planning outages in the areas more connsumers are out of city. when customers increase over a period for the smart away the generation can be decreased if there is very high decrease over city consumption as informed and promises speically during holidays or industries shutdown this will also help planning outages in the areas more consumers are out of city. promoting smart away enhance the dewa mobile app website etc.
etisalat du salik recharge machine installation japs. installation of etisalat du salik recharge machine at japs premises like d gate m gate and near the admin bulding entrance will help us to recharge our phones pay bills recharge of salik and even overseas mobile recharge which will save our time and money avoid fines etc the machine will allow the min amount of etisalat and du recharge from aed 5 0. getting recharge cards or an emergency recharge of etisalat du salik. installation of recharge machine will solve this problem even our valued visitors can also use this facility.
smart screens similar to happiness meter to record the training feedback. sheikh mohammed bin rashid vice president and ruler of dubai has launched an initiative to daily measure the public its happiness and satisfaction with government services. currently training feedback is recorded manually through forms and data is transfered to the computer through data entry subsequently data is analyzed to create feedback reports for each training atleast 2 3 trainings are conducted in japs premises everyday so much time and efforts are spent on such data entry and documenting the hard copies of feedback forms its even more hard to retreive them when needed another issue is evaluating the effectiveness of trainings conducted. install smart screens similar to happiness meter to take training feedback from all the trainings and awareness sessions conducted in dewa training halls and auditorium these screens should send daily reports to the concerned which will help in evaluating the trainings conducted if planned well ahead of the training sessions even questions related to the training topic can also be included which will help to evaluate the effectiveness of trainings conducted.
authorized signatory and initials pdf reference. to provide a pdf image of the authorized signatory and initials in order to know what initial signature belongs to which evp vp to familiarize new recuits and all users whether the obtained approval is from the correct party. often the signatory initial does not have the name of the person next to it and also new staff are not familiar yet with the correct approvals also this issue can cause delays in processing the documents because of a wrong approval was provided and has to be retunred to obtain a new one. a pdf sheet with the authorized evp its and vp its signatories and initials should be provided for all dewa users through a view only online pdf documents for security reasons.
use of elevators. not to allow single person to use elevator minimum three persons to be in elevator also not to allow for single floor distance means if any one is going from 3rd floor to 2nd floor he she has to use stairs. energh consumption. energy saving.
update dewa ims policy in freejna. latest dewa ims policy 2014 shall be updated in freejna as it is having the two thousand and twelve version. freejna is displaying old ims policy of dewa refer attached screen shot this will misguide staff who would download from freejna to demonstrate external auditor about the availability of updated ims policy. replace the old policy with the latest ims policy 2014 version.
swapping of responsibilities. swapping of responsibilities within the same category can be very much beneficial to the section department division company as when the staff is on leave the staff with the same category can easily handle the task and could earn more knowledge and awareness of other section its issues and responsibilities. improve knowledge and awareness easiness in handling extra responsibilities improve team working relationships smooth turn over of work and fast and easy workflow. swapping and awareness of work within the same category should be welll planned and enhanced to have smooth fast and easy workflow within the department.
e communication instead of paper work. still we are receiving papers from hr regarding resignations terminations retirements etc however in recruitment we receiving just an email will make the process more smooth and easy. missing papers some employees are not involved because they didn t receive the papers difficulty in trucking system and reports. implement the same process for recruitment we all receive email about the joining candidates.
paper free office. there are lot of box files in offices as we copy all the correspondences and file it instead make a scan and keep a soft copy however data to be backup on a regular basis to avoid any missing of documents. hard to retrieve the documents from the box files time consuming including cost effective due to usage of papers and stationary. all the correspondences to be scanned and kept in a folder which is easily retrievable by all the users in the shared folder this will avoid wastage of time efforts and cost.
save life by only one five dirhams. this is a humanitarian initiative that induce all employees to pay only five dirhams per month within one year only sixty dirhams the money will be held by dewa to help any humanitarian case inside or outside the authority.  payement method can be identified by dewa.
awareness campaign department beling in disconnection and reconnection. first we have agreements with private and government schools that during the week are choosers him one day to explain how electricity is cut and re connect it and how to keep ourselves from the petition electric stuff dielectric example glove or plastic and other things and be choosers outstanding employeesof safety and participation of distinguished electricians to complete the process successfully security department safety and security department is explain how safety and not being hurt electrical department explain how the pieces and conduction of electricity in the event of an automatic cut what works to conserve energy without exposure to any harm thanks. there is lot of fire cases found in electric rooms so i sugess awareness is neccesary for others. be choosers outstanding employeesof safety and participation of distinguished electricians to complete the process successfully security department safety and security department is explain how safety and not being hurt electrical department explain how the pieces and conduction of electricity in the event of an automatic cut what works to conserve energy without exposure to any harm.
solar system for all dewa offices lights and led lights. fixing a solar system for offices lights which will help us to save alot of power and support sustainability in the organication because in most of dewa offices we are not using solar power and taking that step will make big change in saving of electricity also we need to change the normal bulb lights to led lights which will save alot of power. most of dewa branches offices are using normal bulb lights which consumes alot of power where these bulbs needs to be replaced by led lights may be some people says its implemented and the idea already there but its not implemented in all dewa and it is implemented in some new dewa buildings only. implementing solar power systems for offices lights in dewa which will not cost alot and saves alot of power in addition it will reduce the carbon emmissions and supports sustainability.
don t miss another meeting. outlook default meeting request remider is fifteen mins set the default remider to three hours. staff miss or forget about meetings due to outlook default reminder set to fifteen mins when a meeting request is generated and the requestor often forgets to adjust the reminder. set the default reminder to 3 hours for all meeting requests created within dewa if possible set an automatic recurrence time to one day as well so in case of meetings that are set in the near future a reminder would pop up a day prior to the meeting.
improve skills matrix as a lean tool. to improve the current skills matrix and to recognize the efficient use benefits and power in the business process improvement while meeting stretegic goals. most of bpi staff does not understand the purpose of using the skills matrix as well as its benefits with regard to improving the core business of dewa. improve the skills matrix tool currently used by bpi staff.
fire beam method for fire alarm generation workshop. i suggest to use the fire beam method for fire alarm for generation workshop since the smoke detector not effective for workshop due to high roof. the smoke detector not effective for workshop due to high roof. i suggest to use the fire beam method for fire alarm for generation workshop since the smoke detector not effective for workshop due to high roof.
presentation about the work environment in dewa. create presentation about the work environment in dewa for job applicant the content of the presentation will be about below subjects one about dewa history two work environment three vacancies four rehabilitation programs five training programs developing skills the presentation will be presented for job applicant before the interview then he can decide if he want to work in dewa or not. one find work environment below expectation two the high rate of resignations three feeling nervous before the interview. one identifying the work environment in dewa through the presentation.
flexible working hours. flexiblility of working time. increase of late time for the employees. starting time would be great if it will be flexible till nine am to 4 00 pm this is will reduce the warning attendence for the employees and increase daily productivity if they is no late or absent.
electronic door locks for restricted places. in order to closely monitor the personnel movement in the restricted areas like substations control rooms dcs work stations etc manual door locks shall be replaced by new generation electronic door locks and to be integrated with dewa id use dewa id to unlock the electronic door locks all the swipe events are to be recorded for future security perpose. where ever the doors of the restricted areas have traditional manual door locks those can be controlled with advanced new generation door locks. traditional door locks are to be replaced by new generation electronic door locks with swipe in key dewa id is to be used to unlock the door each swipe event is to be logged.
microsoft exchange. frequently we are facing our hard disk is full why because by default microsoft outlook use cached exchange mode and downloading all emails to our local disk it means you pc problem our pc gets slow and not opening quickly. problem currently ms outlook used cached exchange mode. it should do network settings to make default microsoft outlook to use without cached exchange mode it should directly connected to exchange server should not cache in local pc.
go green for nis notice distribution. to save the environment for future generations nis notice of interruption in electricity supply sending electronically which replaces the hardcopies nis notice of interruption of electricity supply to be sending via email and sms to related consumer already dewa has implemented sending green bill for all consumer. if any of essential maintenance work or system improvement work in the area we will distributing nis notice of interruption of electricity supply to related consumer through hardcopies and received acknowledgement from consumer. all nis notice of interruption of electricity supply to be sending via registed e mail ids and sms to related consumer in the registered mobiles which is replaces the hardcopies.
long service award. at preent for employees who completes 20 thirty and forty years service are given long ervice award which inludes a certificate and watch. cash amount instead of watch will be more beneficial for employees which they can use to buy a gift for himelf or his family of his own choice such as lapto for children jewellery for wife daughter. i am suggetsing that instead of giving a watch the same amount which is value of a watch to be given in cash to the employees along with long service certificate.
smile virus. smiling is contagious let its spread the smile virus across dewa and its costless but has a huge effect. may be due to the stree and work load people stopped smiling at each others face everyone comes to work wearing a frown. how about weraing a smile instead.
template reply letter to enhancing customer satisfaction. to use a template letter to generate a notification reply to different customers who applied for cable shifting and their applications will to be processed by dewa free of charge to customer in order to eliminate the gray area gap in customer information regarding his application status. for some cable shifting applications as submitted by party dewa hold the responsibility of relocating indicated distribution network cables and related assets to proper corridor as the same was originally laid in wrong corridor by dewa itself and for such cases direct none chargeable jo is usually issued internally within dp leaving customer who submitted the application in gray area. for that reason i suggest to use the attached developed template reply letter some information based on cases to case need to be changed before sending the same to intended party.
department telephone directory handbook. department telephone directory handbook which provides all the contact details of department all sections office and field staff including with dewa offices consultant contractor and emergency contact numbers. communication gap. contact details in one handbook.
green bill. as part of our commitment to preserve the environment for future generations and sustainability dewa is sending electronic green bill which replaces the paper bill by post. the problem with the new billing strategy is that is containts more pages like we received the earlier bill details in one page some people would like to print it and some not in this way the printing cost increased and more papers are wasted. i suggest again to reduce the number of pages or deavtivate the printing option or make it simple.
hospitality service. hospitality service at dewa customer service centers by given arabic coffee and dates to customers for welcoming customer to any custoner service centers. for long time given arabic coffee without dates to the customers and the arabic coffee its not reasonable for all kind of customers. i suggest to replace thearabic coffee and dates to red tea and tea with milk it will be reasonable for all kind of the customers.
a seperate room for ladies to have their breakfast lunch. we dont have an area for ladies to have their tiffin or breakfast lunch whatever they buy or bring from home currently they are sitting in their offices to have food which is not advisable because the whole office smells and it creates an embarrassment if any visitor drops in while eating which is extremely unprofessional gesture too. as most of them have open workstations when we eat if would smell in the office and very disgusting if any body passes by or any visitors come pantries is also not advisable here as they ll be mostly occupied with several people coming in and out. to organise a seperate private dining area for ladies to have their food in warsan tcc building in each floor.
coins machine. a lot of clients difficulty in finding coins faces to portray their documents. a lot of clients difficulty in finding coins faces to portray their documents. i have seen a sample of the coins machine in qyada center of dubai police.
l1 n2 seal system air compressor. phase one gt ng compressors n2 seal system each unit have 2 100 percent air compressors feeding one receiver air tank 3 25nm3 min supplying 2 100 percent n2 monobed and n2 product from both monobed going to one n2 tank the outlet line from this tank feeding the n2 seal system for ng compressors. due to deviation of monobed performance from standard conditions or due to excessive n2 consumption in ng comp in most of units we have to keep both monobed in service thus the consumption of air from air tank is more so the air comp running in load mode for long period in summer some air comp tripped due to comp element outlet temp high 120 c as a result of hot weather and continuous loading and low efficient or malfunction of a c units and at the same time may be the its b comp not available i e under lc or have the same problem so in that case we will lose the production of n2 from both monobed of these units. the suggestion if all air tanks 3 no connected together by interconnection v v so all air comp 6 no will be available for all units air tanks so we can share the air supply from any unit with the other if needed currently interconnection is only after n2 production also we can connect each air tank with service air header 4 comp 50 percent 2duty two its b capacity 18 2nm3 min per comp plant total peak consumption 21 7nm3 min.
parking smart. my idea is of having smart parking which would take effiecient space of the parking space available and it would be able to take more cars in less space. the staff customers are facing a problem of not having enough parkings and being late to work while finding a parking space. my solution of having the smart parking system which would benifit the authority from saving effiecent space and being the first authority to have such a smart intiative of parking spaces.
pant trees along the access road of dewa warsan completx. pant trees along the access road of dewa warsan complex and around dewa warsan complex. lack of greenery. planting of trees along the access road of warsan compex can increase the aesthetics as well as it gives substantial support to the environment by increasing the greenery and it can support dewa its sustainability efforts.
design for creativity and innovation room. i am proposing an idea to decorate the creativity and innovation room the idea is as follows the room to be design upside down which the floor will be furnished by carpet only and people will sit on the carpet while the roof will have office furtinure which will be fixed in the ceiling.  design the creativity and innovation room with this innovative idea upside down room.
smart presenting. the idea is about conducting a smart way of presenting any topic through a smart system where the presenter can present from his office for multiple audience in different places through a system developed in house in addition all the audience can communicate with each other to share the knowledge this idea has been implemented in dubai police for their smart awareness initiative as well as colleges and universities for online classes. wasting time less participations traffic. converting from regular presentations to online smart presentations.
freejna search tools. freejna improvements. hard to find a document on freejna. to add an option while searching on freejna like type op document date of posting size of it.
employee of the month board. employee of the month board to be fixed for each department.
uploading annual reports yearwise in distribution power website. suggest to upload annual reports yearwise in distribution power website online. presently the distribution annual reports are not available online in distribution power website therefore it is not easy for the distribution division staff to familirize with the operational and maintenance statistics and requirements as well as expectations. suggestion is to upload the distribution annual reports online in distribution power website in order for the employees of dist power division to view and read at any point of time.
escalating requests submitted for approval through myportal eform with cordinator supervisor direct manager to a higher level if kept pending for more than a specified time period. provision to escalate the requests to higher management level for approval through myportal eform like leave overtime service requests etc submitted by the user if not approved by coordinator supervisor direct manager within a specified time gap say 3 5 working days. if the request is kept pending within any role for long time 1 it will restrict the user from getting the benefits on time 2 waisting the time and efforts of user and the concerned staffs by working manually to achieve the same. including a provision to escalate the request in myportal eform if there is no response or action taken within 3 5 days.
arabic language training for expatriate employees. in line with mdandceo memo copy is attached employees need to prepare and process all the memo its letters faxes etc in arabic language. most of dewa employees are expatriate they do not know arabic. arabic language course shall be must for all expatriate employees in order to be able to write memo its faxes etc in arabic language proposed arabic language course shall be part of expatriate employees tna by default i propose fifty two hrs course will be sufficient every week one hour class.
id holders. id holders perfect for wearing your id card. the problem is the card holder is not suitable example our staff are working hard and moving from one place to another may be the loss of the card at any time of course they must request a new card and pay an amount of aed one hundred. to find card holder suitable for staff black color for women staff blue for men staff.
electrical massage chairs. as we have office staff who have to sit for long hours such as the frontline officers control room staff secretaries etc i am suggesting to provide electrical massage chairs as showing in the attached photo sample the chairs also could be provided for customers as we are looking to achieve their happiness. sitting long hours behind computers which may cause health problems to the staff. providing electrical massage chairs as showing in the attached photo sample.
research and development randd department centralized. research and development department will help an organisation to acheive their motto for generations to come. organisation meeting the future changes and needs. research and development department can provide new techineques products or processes for the organisation improvement development.
waffer program. this idea is meant to help staff to access waffer program offers easily and effectively. currently all dewa waffer offers are available in one pdf file on freejna site the pdf file is more than fifty pages and it is hard to search for the appropriate offer that matches one its desire in addition the information included in that pdf file is minimal compared to the offers sent to us by email for example when we get waffer email there is many details about exact pricing and timing but in the pdf file on the freejna site that information is absent also in the pdf file all sorts of offers are listed ie hotels restaurants tourism etc this adds more difficultly to find the appropriate and desired offer finally sometimes it takes a bit time to update the pdf file list on the freejna site. for the optimum utilization for waffer program i suggest to create a web page related to waffer the web page shall contain many fields on which the user can filter or search based on location offer timing contact persons type of offer hotels restaurants etc pricing filter etc such search and filter engine would require creating a small database for queries and sap system is the solution of course.
dewa brainstorming mechanism avalibale. brainstorming mechanism document. brainstorming mechanism document not avalibale. we need to avalibale brainstorming mechanism document to all dewa staff thay can use it in brainstorming sesssion.
time attendance machine in the main entrance door. provide time attendane machine in the main entrance door of dewa so while the employee is enteing dewa premises via car they will be able to clock in. these days dewa employees got delay in the parking area sometimes spent more than eight minutes just to park the car which result in clocking in late. provide time attendance in the main entrance gate prohibit parking in reverse which causes alot of trouble and sometimes argues in the parking area.
one item sugar free during dewa training. to increase our employee happiness and meet all people needs i suggest to add one item sugar free for the refreshment and snacks during dewa training to help diabetic staff and staff who on diet. refreshment and snacks during dewa training for diabetic staff. to increase our employee happiness and meet all people needs i suggest to add one item sugar free for the refreshment and snacks during dewa training to help diabetic staff and staff who on diet.
new methods for lhd cable. attached photo for the new methods for lhd cable in stlf system i use 3m tape with especial features of moisture seal for cable and wire connections and temperature rating continuous 130 c for white cable so we take both benefit temperature withstand and humidity. improvment new methods for lhd cable in stlf system. attached photo for the new methods for lhd cable in stlf system i use 3m tape with especial features of moisture seal for cable and wire connections and temperature rating continuous 130 c for white cable so we take both benefit temperature withstand and humidity.
guinness records no of suggestion day for utility. dewa is a prestigious government departments in the uae within around nine thousand employee dewa is an inspiring success story known for its efficiency and reliability in every facet of its operations in line with the above and to prompt dubai city i suggest to apply for guinness world records due to no of received suggestion per day for electricity and water utility maybe it is world record. to prompt dubai city dewa. dewa is a prestigious government departments in the uae within around nine thousand employee dewa is an inspiring success story known for its efficiency and reliability in every facet of its operations in line with the above and to prompt dubai city i suggest to apply for guinness world records due to no of received suggestion per day for electricity and water utility maybe it is world record.
transfer gitex visitors from the parking to the main door of the dubai world trade center. using the dewa electrical vehicle to transfer people from the parking inside and outside parking to the main door of the dubai world trade center.  a service provided by dewa visitors can experience the ev visitors can be invited to visit dewa stand and experince the services.
patial discharge location marking by using standard stickers. when a partial discharge in form of ultrasonic or tev is identified by any member he will fix a sticker on that place mentioning the date value and signature etc. improving condition monitoring of substation. when a partial discharge in form of ultrasonic or tev is identified by any member he will fix a sticker on that place mentioning the date and value to highlight and inform.
free power generation machine. device use the compressed air to generate power to produce electrical energy. the over usage of fuels and chemicals increasing amount of pollution. using clean compressed air.
provision of additional shops at japs staffaccommodation. construction of additional shops to accommodate the restaurants merchandise bakery and fruits vegetables to cater to the manifold increase in bsq staff in addition to the family block 1 and two. only one grocery and one restaurant is available at japs accommodation which were originally constructed for the family accommodation due to manifold increase in bsq staff the existing facility of single shop restaurant are insufficient and overloaded with costumers resulting in the following one staffs are compelled to pay high price due to monopoly as alternate source is not available two staffs are compelled to shop outside due to non availability of quality items three even the bakery and dairy products prices which are same across the uae are sold at high price four essential items non availability at the weekends etc. additional shops shall be constructed at the empty space beside the existing black and white restaurant which is sufficient for 6 8 large size shops these shops should be constructed purpose built to accommodate cafe tandoore bakery for asian bread and merchandise store.
modificaion for notice of intruption nis form. simple change in form with some advantagues. many coustmer didnot see cleary because it in the end of paper and small letters that in case of private panel customer its engineer technician should be available during maintenance these will make too much delay to start work and sometimes cancelled work. make that in center of paper by clear font.
electricity emergency sticker for field operation vehicles. there are lots of pressures in distribution field operation teams all are dedicated to arrange the schedule jobs in time and restore the supply in early as possible during tripping now a day the traffic congestion is increasing all over the dubai roads day by day so it is requiring to provide the electricity emergency sticker in all distribution field operation vehicles so that private car will give us preference to see this sticker which helps us to restore supply early as possible worlds all reputed electricity utility companies also used emergency sticker and lighting for public support it is observed that emergency lighting is not effective without electricity emergency sticker so i suggest to arrange electricity emergency sticker for field operation vehicles to improve system performance. 1 delay of schedule outages two delay of restoration of supply during occurrence three reporting to cause of delay four consumer will suffer for delay of electricity so cml consumer minutes lost will increased five productivity will reduce. electricity emergency sticker for field operation vehicles.
etisalat and du payment machnie at warsan branch. providing etisalat and du payment machnie at warsan branch by the service provider will empower the partnership relation and to satisfay the service users as part of community service and both are our stakeholder. due to users not paying their bills they dont have the service thus will be out of reach. providing etisalat and du payment machnie at warsan branch by the service provider will empower the partnership relation and to satisfay the service users as part of community service and both are our stakeholder.
health and safety training room. the idea is to use the health and safety training room space wisely since it is very crowded and there is no space to sit in comfort. there are stacked boxes and the cables of the unused pc its are randomly connected making it harmful for the employees as they can trip easily. i suggest that the boxes get stored in a storage rather than the training room as for the cables they need to be connected in a safe way for example if the pc its will be there permanently then a cable guard could be used to make it safe and easy for everyone to move in addition smaller chairs could be used as the ones used now take a lot of space which makes it hard for people to move and to be comfortable.
temperature measurement strip in the 11kv swgr. temperature measurement strip testoterm to be placed on the outgoing feeder cable lug in the 11kv swgr. most of the manufacturers provide an inspection window at the cable compartment side of the swgr panels we as dewa are not making any use of it currently our condition monitoring team cannot detect if there is any heat at the lugs through that window using the thermal gun or thermal camera due to the glass characteristics a special window can be used but an extra cost will be charged on dewa. we can place this temperature measurement strip on the cable lug where most of our flashovers occurs our condition monitoring team or any other team can inspect the window using a torch light to read the temperature on the strip.
recharge card for the bill payment. my idea is to make a dewa recharge card for the bill payment start from three hundred dhs to 1000 dhs the customers can buy the card from any petrol station they can use the card to pay the bill and ot pay the elctric car charge by sending sms to dewa numbar example sms nine hundred and ninety one dewa rechargd crd numbaer dewa account number pin number send it to nine hundred and ninety one and the payment will be done then they will recieve sms to inform the customer that the payment recived by us. most of the customers have many complains when they make the payment through etisalat machine petrol station and the banks they always complain that the payment not recive or its too late or the machine take the money and nothig shows in dewa system it takes the customer to long proseger to prove it to us. i got this idea for customers by using the dewa recharge card the customer will be in safe side to make the payment also thier will be no more complain from the customers as they will feel safe when they will recieve sms from dewa telll them that the payment done however the payment will be faster and easyer for them any where any time.
plc controlled capacitor step switching. provide plc based fifo logic step capacitor banks 2mvar instead of 5 5mvar for those substations having continous cap switcing and having high var copensation. high switching transient currents at 0 time high harmonic level odd over compensation for cosiderable period transformer over heating etc. by 2mvar cap bank the steady state current will become 108amps 5 5mvar it will be 270amps can achieve nearly about unity compensation less harmonics more steability to the power network.
replacement of existing lighting system with solar powered lighting system inside upcoming 400 132kv transmission substations. a technical team from transmission civil maintenance suggested to implement solar lighting system in all external areas of upcoming substation this is an environmentally friendly supporting dewa its commitment to stick on saving environment and to use alternative fuels to reduce the depletion of natural resources this contribution will minimize the electricity consumption and reduce carbon foot print and thereby enhancing the lighting system reliability. huge cable installation cost is involved in the existing lighting system with son t lamps also power consumption is more in the conventional system of lighting during execution of such installation system more time spent on processing the noc for the execution related to cable laying moreover requirement of manpower is more for such installation. conventional lighting system in transmission substation shall be changed with smart led lamps powered by individual solar panels.
sustainable tomorrow. dewa vision is to become a sustainable innovative world class utility where in reality per day the quantity of carbon emission and other kind of polution causing due to the employees vehicle will be much higher and this can be controlled by providing the transportation and make everyone to use the transport provided by dewa than their own vehicles in my previous company irrespective of the position of the employees ninety percent of the employees where using the rta bus company provided transport which makes a huge difference personally and professionally. i joined dewa few months back and i was totally surprised seeing the traffic jam in front of wafi from two point three till three pm most of them are dewa employees on the way back home after work dewa vision is to become a sustainable innovative world class utility where in reality per day the quantity of carbon emission and other kind of polution causing due to the employee vehicles will be much higher and which can easily be controlled little drops make the mighty ocean. by providing the transportation like rta bus for dewa staff from defined pickup points and encourage everyone to use the transport provided by dewa than their own vehicles.
electric vehicles for dewa. dewa its fleet of cars to be of electric vehicles it will significantlyhelp support and strengthen dewa its initiative which is currently underway ofestablishing electric vehicle charging stations across dubai more so willraise awareness and encourage customers to opt for electric vehicles thereby leadingby example. currently dewa its fleet of cars runs on hydrocarbon fuel which incidentally adds up to the carbon footprint of dubai. dewa its fleet of cars to be of electric vehicles.
sharing mai dubai with other utilities. my idea is to share mai dubai as a source of water and dewa is a supply company by supplying a water to all dubai utilities such rta dm customs airport and other sectors with a different rate than customers therefore dewa its client will be increase and it will gain a business with all utilities. as we have a big market in suppliers of water we like our utility to have a shares of such business. a part of mai dubai advertisement to dubai its customers the same to be done for other utilities with different option size availability of such source.
video tutorials for the trainings. dewa can record video of trainings conducted internally and make it available as part of training or knowledge database employees can watch these tutorials during thier free time or on prescheduled time dewa can hire a video team for one year and they may visit and record divisional departmental trainings as well. for internal trainings attendees needed to travel to attend in specific locations for common trainings trainer needs to travel to multiple locations to provide the training to all staff. dewa record video this project can be budgeted of the internal training sessions and make it available as part of km dewa can hire a video team for one year and they may visit and record divisional departmental trainings as well divisional departmental orientations can also be avilable in the same way and the new joiners need not travel to less priority locations.
control random printing. control random printing over all dewa. 1 use printers for personal purposes 2 random printing 3 indifference and apathy in printing four profusion in printing and dont consider its to the 1 use printers for personal purposes two random printing 3 indifference and apathy in printing four profusion in printing and dont consider its to the environment. provide id scanner or log in system on the printer this will add one stage to confirm the print order.
dewa souq. portal where dewa employees can buy sell their used items. people don t always know what to do with their used items or clutter lying around the house alternatively given the rising cost of living employees struggle to find bargains. creating a dewa souq portal can bring together dewa employees as a community who want to sell used items and dewa employees who would like to find a good bargain there are several similiar type of communities developing in dubai such as arabian ranches souq on facebook wherein people are buying and selling used items dewa can utilize this trend to build a dewa community.
no consultation fees on follow up visit to clinic. no consultation fees on follow up visit to clinic. as per current insurance policy the initial consultation fees as well as any follow up visits to the government clinic are charged to dewa employees at twenty percent whilst the company pays eighty percent. a free follow up visit that falls within 4 5 days of consultation should be included in the company its insurance policy this will incur cost savings as dewa will not be required to pay eighty percent of doctor its fees charged on follow up visits by employees and their families calculation of expected saving no its of medical insurance card 25 000 00 no its of visit per card year assume only two times in a year follow up facility will be availed two total visits per year 50 000 00 consultation cost per visit dewa cost aed 150 80 percent one hundred and twenty total expected saving 6 000 000 00.
dewa can help all employees to have million dirham. this idea for all staff who would like to own property or sittle their liabilities in the bank dewa will create a group of eligible staff from all department and sign them a contract for 100 months to pay forexample a 10 000 per month who would like to have their own preperty or sittle their liabilities in the bank he will deduct from all the same amount. most employees wish to invest own property sittle all their liabilities in the bank or start their own business. 10 000 one hundred one hundred.
using protable oil transfer pump ac. using the ac oil transfer pump insted of using the manual rotary drum pump will save the time and the effort while replacing the rmu oil or filling the transformers with oil. using rotary drum pumps while replacing the rmu oil isvery hard and it needs time and effort it can cause time delay for our maintenance workand power interruption. using the ac oil transfer pump will save the time and the effort which is consumed by using the manual rotary drum pumps the ac pump can transfer min sixty litter per minute while the rotary drum pump is fifteen liters per minute that its mean we can save more than seventy percent of the transferring time.
earthwire missing reducing. earth wire missing is now a days very high in dubai i hereby suggest to install low cost dummy cctv cameras infront of substations to make the thiefs afraid and to prevent the thefts. earthwire missing cannot be completely avoided only it can be reduced to certain levell by providing dummy cctv cameras with low expense disadvantages of earth wire missing 1 consumer lv fluctuations and plase voltage missing or not accurate which cause chillers and other equipments to get tripped 2 not good for electrical equipments two unsafe for operation engineers who are authorized to do live operations. to keep dummy camera in front of all substations photo attached this can only reduce the thefts to certain limit.
wandc innovation mobile lab. wandcinnovationmobile lab as the core staffof wandc division are in sites we have to approach them there provide tothem the required awareness on myideas portal then the flood of ideas willstart. lack of tools pc sand dewa network for the field staff to deliver their ideas working in shiftsprevent them to sustain a communication channel with the division management todiscuss and deliver their ideas lack of awareness offield staff on the ideas portal. wandc shallprovide a team to approach wandc staff at their sites along with a vehicleprovided with laptops ipads linked to dewa network wandc innovation teamshall assist the illiterate staff to apply thru myideas portal traditionalstationary could be provided also to get some ideas drawings on paper for thosewho would like to visualize their ideas.
smart team. to build a team of a professional online users to follow up on pending and failed online and smart service move in applications which are generated instantly when registering and paying the security deposit. commercial customers are using the online and smart application to pay their security deposit for move in purposes however their request was not successful due to technical reason which is automatically appearing in sap system with a status of pending or failed or paid and these diferent errors could be analysed and explained as per the follow pending account is locked failed payment was not succeeded paid wihout generating receipt of payment and amount not debited from the bank account holder. a back office team should folow up with thoses failed and pending requests instantly in order to help the customers with the registration through a call back to assist them with the registration diferent team could operate whithin the call center round the clock 24 7 to approach the customer rather than the customer approch us.
scanned signatures on dewa documents. presently dewa is using scanned signatures on documents memos these documents are processed from systems such as sap tms pms customized softwares as soon as these documents are approved on system a pdf copy is generated and scanned signature is affixed example is attached. scanned signatures are not safe and can easily be misused. dewa shall not use scanned signatures on documents instead one line can be printed on the document that this is system generated document and does not need signature.
waffer card. providing a card for dewa employees where they can use it whenever they want to purchase discounted products and services from waffer program. the problem is that we usually don t take dewa cards with us whenever we hang out therefore we are not making use of such a great offer. an email can be sent to all dewa staff mentioning that whoever is interested to have a waffer card is requested to apply through the following link for example once the waffer card is ready to be used he she can collect it from the concerned department and it will be presented whenever a purchase is done.
be fit. to have gym in the main office of dewa. to be healthy and fit to work good with no sickness. after work or in break.
awarding. long service awards. awarding of watches to long service staffs which at present has no significat value due to time piece avaiable on mobiles which everyone uses. a gold coin medal with dewa logo on one side and the number of years of service 20 30 40 on the other would be of much value to the awardees such coins can be easly made to order at the gold and diamond souk in dubai bearing the same amount spent on a watch.
mars change program. a change program that take into consideration the new direction of dewa for having forty percent of its objective didicated to innovation. the need for the cjhange is huge at this stage for achieving dewa vision 2021c. change program with clear mile stones see attachment.
meetings through video conferencing. routine less critical internal meetings to beheld through video conference it will significantly help reduce carbonemissions and facilitate time savings especially when attendees are to comefrom different dewa offices in addition the meetings through video conferencing will effectively support the smart initiative smart government smart city agenda of dewa dubai and uae on this subject varied ideas have been suggested earlier in this forum the latest in this area is from mohamad al jasmi the submission of this idea is just to further enhance and strengthen the case in point. staff from different dewa offices commute daily intheir vehicles to and fro for attending meetings thereof this vehicular movementcertainly contributes to carbon emission in addition to wastage of time that occurs for reaching and returning to and from the destination. video conferencing can effectively reduce vehicular staff movement and significantly reduce carbon emission levels save time forthe concerned staff thereby can achieve significant reduction in carbon emission levels and time savings.
weekly basis toolbox talk for all employees. weekly tool box talk for all employees. all employees are not fully aware on activities going on. a weekly toolbox talk in each section would be beneficial in sharing knowledge about day to day and other activities this would be of great help specially for those non nt users.
forms and templates available in freejna. each department has many forms documents which shall be utilised by other departments for sending requests etc for eg tod has outage request caution permit extension request checklists etc that are utilised by projects t tcd tpd snd departments by having easy accessibtility of these documents engineers can refer and utilise them without depending on others the forms and templates shall be loaded in freejna under forms and documents tab tp divsion. repeated requests from different persons requesting to send the blank format of the document in order to fill the details. by loading the documents in freejna which is a common location it is easier for all the engineers to access them the same may be implemented by other departments if they find them easier and advantageous.
enable pull printing feature in all printers of dewa. pull printing is a printing feature where a users print job is held on a server or on a user its workstation and released printed by the user at any printing device a number of software products exist that supportpull printing the user needs to first authenticatethemselves at the printer using pincode or id once they have been authenticated user mayselect from the list of print jobs from the server which ones they wish to print at the current device. in the routine printing method we can see unattended print jobs in the printers no security for printing confidential documents if your printer has no consumables or failed you have to give reprint by selecting alternative printer which leads time wasting and sometime might interrupts the meetings. a number of software products exist that supports pull printing feature all printers in dewa shall be enabled this pull printing feature this will helps users to get his print job from any printer within his department divn printers or in dewa if necessary most of the dewa printers are supported this feature needs only a software to make work this pull prinitng.
lat its be makani. makani is a system from rta identifying any location on the makani map through the application our dewa tech will be able to find locations easier. we gotlots of technical cases daily but most of cases we got it with a non identifiedlocation like strange name of balding or some expect customer can not pronouncecorrect name of address so it is take long time of out tech to find location orsome time got lost a way in some emergency cases like fire case or heavymainline broken can not be delay. 1 it will help our tech to reach a location very fast 2 no more wrong location 3 no more worry about emrgancy cases whenver have exact location 4 fast respond from our tech.
staff facility. provide public transport facility from dewa staff accommodation. parking problem at dewa office. coordinate with rta.
directing customers staffs to right direction. the idea is to direct the customers or the staffs to contact the right person to complete their task with a single click. we has seen many of our staffs or customers moving to each dept sections and enquiring that to whom we have to meet to complete this particular job they will divert them to other dept section from their again and so on even the customer service couldn t help them to meet the right person. each dept main entrance should have a touch screen which showing the brief details of each employee with their responsibility and if the customers staffs needs to meet the concern person he has to click the right person in the screen even the customer staff can seen in the screen that the concern person is not in their seat or on vacation hand over responsibility will be shown immediately a pop up message will be showing in the screen that some one waiting and the concern person can reply as to come in or to be seated or urgent meeting etc the summary of each department activity should be displayed in the main entrance of the building to identify that the customers staffs has to go which department to accomplish their task.
led carpets luminous carpets. led carpets ledcarpets luminous carpets is a technology developed five years ago in netherlandand recently introduced commercially by philipps thiscarpet open up new opportunities from pointing out safety exits and givingpeople directions or information. customerhappiness government competitions and the improvement race up to expo2020pushes dewa to look for new technologies and implement it. adopting led carpet technology in dewa its customer and admin building.
smart led notice board. smart led notice board in filed offices for display daily schedule circuler memo poster tool box talk etc by using smart way. hundreds of a3 and a4 paper print daily in dewa for display daily schedules memos posters notification etc in every department which cost dewa three sides extra one paper cost two printing cost three notice board maintain menpower. install smart led notice board and display or remove any thing on smart notice board on one mouce click.
mobile sms system. dewa should create a system of sms through mobile phones for the employees to get them updated from dewa activities updates projects etc.  dewa should create a system of sms through mobile phones for the employees to get them updated from dewa activities updates projects etc.
e signitures in sap system. to use the e signitures instead of taking manual approval for the sap hr tasks such as salary certificate this could be done by the hr coordinator in the employee its division to have control this will be a soluation for the ewmployees in the far branches from the dewa. taking long time from two to five days. as above this will take few minutes.
assesment to figure out each employee skill. idea to do assesment to all dewa employee to figure out what talent they have and utilize this skills and talent in serving dewa mission and reduce using out source if some one from inside dewa can do it. everyone has talent and skill in something and many of them of course in dewa current they not been utilize correctly to help dewa mission. doing assesemnt to all employee to figure out they skill as well use them to serve dewa.
dewa waffir card. to propose an efficient way for dewa discount programs waffir. currently all discount coupons are sent via email which is not very practical as once you go to a store you need to show them every time your dewa id then you may get a discount. to create one discount card which is accepted at all participating stores and resturants that offer discounts for dewa employees.
produce water from solar additional one to ten percent power generation in solar park. 1 a smart way to produce water from solar 2 increase solar power generation by 1 10 percent 10mw to 100mw without additional investment in hh sheikh mohamed bin rashid al maktoum solar park by fitting air to moisture converter machines in different locations inside solar park the surrounding moisture is absorbed and converted to drinking water and the output of solar panels increases due to removal of moisture content around it. 1 dewa produces electricity from solar but not water so far 2 output from hh sheikh mohamed solar park may reduce by ten to fifteen percent due to moisture content dubai mean max relative humidity is eighty five percent ref attachment with all three phases together the total solar generation is 13 200 800mw 1013mw even one percent reduction in output will reduce production by 10mw whch equals a revenue loss of around aed ten millions year 5000hrs 23fils 10000 11 5 million aed year if ten percent means a loss of aed100 millions. one air to moisture converter machine fitted to the solar power output will condense the surrounding moisture to drinking water refer attachment for links 2 by fitting the air to moisture converter machines in different locations inside solar park the surrounding moisture is absorbed and the output of solar panels increases a study reveals an increase in productivity by 10 15 percent if the moisture content reduces proportionately refer attachment.
release of debt. fasting makes us think about all poor people in the world and motivates us to donate either money or food to support our brothers and sisters linking this with dewa we have many employees who are debators for takaful program as employee we want to support them however we dont want to hurt their feelings therefore the idea is to create a category option in takaful program in which as employee we can pay cetrain amount to payback on behalf of the debators we can intiate this category on ramadan as debators are one of the groups who are legiable for the zakat alms. we know for the fact that many low incomeemployees need the support from high income employees however we alwayshesitant to support them either because we don t want to hurt their feelings orwe are afraid that they might refuse any support from our side. introduction fasting teaches you many things it helpsyou become a better muslim it is not easy! as some of us might feel hungry thirsty and sleepy and so on but these are seeds you plant in the garden oframadan you will harvest the beautiful tasty fruits of heaven jennah also fasting makes us think about all poorpeople in the world and motivates us to donate either money or food to supportour brothers and sisters linking the gap solution linking what have been said on dewa community we have takaful program in which there is many employees with low salary whohas been benefited from takaful and they are paying back the loan byinstallment as a support and as an extra activities from takaful team we canlaunch a campaign in ramadan to encourage employee to pay part of their zakatfor the takaful users the debtors as you know debtors are among those groupwho are entitled of zakat as allah said in holy quran the alms areonly for the poor and the needy and those who collect them and those whosehearts are to be reconciled and to free the captives and the debtors and forthe cause of allah and for the wayfarers a duty imposed by allah allah isknower wise the mechanism of implementing the idea briefly 1 conducta marketing campaign in ramadan and announce this new benefit 2 createthe logistic for this campaign with all the resources needed i e creatingform funds advert etc 3 startcollecting the donation 4 dividedamong debtors and release them from the payment by categorizing the low incomeemployees who are more illegible the most.
open share folder in every computer for easy fast and reliable data transfer. to create one open share folder under my computer which can be easily configured to any computer of dewa premises for easily and fast data transfer. at present we are transferring data from onecomputer to another by email or by usb drive during routine work but there aresome limitations or problems in transferring data via email and usb find belowthe same 1 through email we cannot transfer large data i e data fifty mb or 100mb or we can say that email is for information communication not for large datatransfer 2 one may not have usb drives every time with him 3 there are chances of virus attack by data transfer through usb which can beharmful to the precious data of origination there is share folder available indepartments but it requires authorization and it cannot be accessed interdepartment and also it is not advisable to put temporary data in share folder becauseit occupies unnecessary space. a solution to these problems is to createone open share folder under my computer which can be easily configured to anycomputer of dewa premises so that if someone wants to transfer data from computer x to computer y first he can copy and pastedata in open share folder from computer x and then cut and paste data to computer y note to avoid junk of data in open sharefolder it dept should clean this folder after every two days this kind of facility was very popular inmy previous organization.
prevention of earth wire thefts just secure the door. applicable for mv substations with several transformers where there is more than one door fortify one of the doors as entryway and the others may be used as exit only latched from the inside. it is a fact thesecrooks can cut the earth wires only if they find themselves inside thesubstation what should we then do aboutit? yes fortify thedoor locking system unfortunately we may find that the present arrangement fail in the so called burglarytest a light hammer strike to thepadlock several turns of a screwdriver is enough to break in and once insidethey are faced by all these copper wires dangling like fruits ripe for picking that is why these criminals are so motivated to the point frenzy so it isimperative that we should put our efforts primarily on securing the entryway we know thievestarget large installations in some cases repeatedly the same ss after newearth wires have been provided obviously because of higher cost to effortratio that is more copper less effort there is an inherent challenge with thesesubstations there are just so many doors in a typical arrangement of six 6 transformers for example there may be at least two to 3double out swing doors all padlocked from outside with ordinary make which over time becomesunreliable due to exposure to the harsh climate. since it wouldmake it unfeasible to modify all doors locking system in a particularsubstation we could do with only one pair of doors as entryway on the existing door with steeldeadbolt reinforcement plate padlocked with medeco brand like the ones in132 11 kv ss we could modify the existing arrangement the others may beopened from the inside used as exit only even without the need of padlocking just suitable latches from dfo safety point of view it may prove to be anadditional advantage since we could now swing any door out whichever is required for exitprior to operation at jebel alizone the likes of dubai investment park and discovery gardens not necessarilyisolated areas have seen considerably large number of theft cases and still counting it is just so rampant in these areas we could do some sort of a trial in these hot spot areas to see if it deters theft before implementing large scale andwhen we do re install new earth wires may we consider using other alternativesto pure copper the root of this problem.
solution for avoiding tripping its of 11kv feeders while paralleling due to wrong phasing carried out during cable related rectification works. the ring off stations shall be provided with the present phasing details which shall be measured by using a phase comparator as per annexure b attached process involved to accomplish the new initiative as a solution for the above problem is as follows the present feeder phasing details from the ring off station to be measured and stick the information in the ring off rmu its after completion of the fault joint repairing work the circuit shall be energized up to the ring off position check the phasing at the ring off position station using phase comparator if the phases are similar to the labeled details pasted in the ring off rmu as given above the feeders can be paralleled and this will avoid tripping due to wrong phasing at the rectification point if it is not similar live phasing shall be arranged for the circuit which was repaired. human error due to wrong phasing during rectification of cable related works is a challenge in our distribution cable network causing power interruptions and earlier breakdown of our distribution cables and equipment its the statistics of this kind tripping its has been shown in annexure a. as solution to avoid the tripping its due to wrong phasing we suggest the following all ring off stations shall be provided with present phasing details and stick the information in front of ring off rmu the phasing details shall be determined by using a phase comparator as detailed in annexure b after completion of cable related repairing works the feeder cable will be charged up to ring off position prior to paralleling the feeders please verify the present phasing details of the rmu with respect to both side of the ring feeders and cross check with the sticker phasing details in the rmu if the both the phasing are similar the feeders shall be paralleled if the phasing details are not the same there is possibility of wrong phasing during the rectification work which is to be corrected through live phasing.
solution for avoiding tripping its of 11kv feeder cable circuit while paralleling due to wrong phasing carried out during cable related rectification works. the ring off stations shall be provided with the present phasing details which shall be measured by using a phase comparator as per annexure b attached process involved to accomplish the new initiative as a solution for the above problem is as follows the present feeder phasing details from the ring off station to be measured and stick the information in the ring off rmu its after completion of the fault joint repairing work the circuit shall be energized up to the ring off position check the phasing at the ring off position station using phase comparator if the phases are similar to the labeled details pasted in the ring off rmu as given above the feeders can be paralleled and this will avoid tripping due to wrong phasing at the rectification point if it is not similar live phasing shall be arranged for the circuit which was repaired. human error due to wrong phasing during rectification of cable related works is a challenge in our distribution cable network causing power interruptions and earlier breakdown of our distribution cables and equipment its the statistics of this kind tripping its has been shown in annexure a. as solution to avoid the tripping its due to wrong phasing we suggest the following all ring off stations shall be provided with present phasing details and stick the information in front of ring off rmu the phasing details shall be determined by using a phase comparator as detailed in annexure b after completion of cable related repairing works the feeder cable will be charged up to ring off position prior to paralleling the feeders please verify the present phasing details of the rmu with respect to both side of the ring feeders and cross check with the sticker phasing details in the rmu if the both the phasing are similar the feeders shall be paralleled if the phasing details are not the same there is possibility of wrong phasing during the rectification work which is to be corrected through live phasing.
competition. there should be some sort of competition between employees of the same department to get their strenths and weaknesses out through this competition each staff shall realise where they stand and what aspect of their life they need to improve on. the problem is that many of us are not aware of a problem is there and staring us at our faces so we need to figure out the problem and then choose the right tool to over come it i e a staff maybe having zero presentation making skills but keeps getting away with it because his her colleague might be helping him her in preparing it no competition everyone is comfortable in their seats just clock in and clock out might get you rusted. by making competition between each employee in the department the staff can later figure out if mr x is bad in communication skills then ms y can share her tips on how he can improve them and mr x might be good at presentation skills and can help ms y with how to make presentations the idea is to make everyone utilize their skills in a way that they are teaching others as well and boosting staff morale.
ewp earth wire patrol. myidea is to replace all station locks by eye detectors and finger printdetectors put cameras inside all of the stations and put sensors to sensewhen the earth wire is removed an alarm will trigger and two people should beassigned for each zone deira dubai and jabel ali for patrolling thestations once the alarm is triggered. arthwire cables are always missing and that is a big problem it costs a lot toreplace dfo staff go there to do the operation and then they are surprised thatthe earth wire is missing they then need to provide a temporary wire to do theoperation cml increasesbecause of the delay in the operation and the actual job this case then comes under not safe to operate which belongs to the dssandr outage analysis section and their role is to rectify the problem. thestations locks should all be changed to eye detections and finger printdetectors that will keep record of all the people entering the station and bythat will it prevent people from stealing the station locks cameras should beput inside each station so that the person stealing the wire will be recognizedonce they see the recording of the camera and to also see if the same person isstealing from multiple stations a sensor should be put on the earth wire todetect when the earth wire is removed that will trigger an alarm and thestation will automatically be locked so the thief will not escape like he didevery time the people stealing are cleaver because they are dealing with highvoltage and they must know what they are doing because it is very dangerous peoplein the field themselves might be stealing or they might be telling theirfriends what to do exactly and how to enter and how to remove the earth wire experts can steal earth wires without being electrocuted two people should beassigned for patrolling of each zone deira dubai and jabel ali will benotified immediately of the alarm through their pc and mobile phone if they areout of the office they should have a schedule of all the outages that will beexecuted each day in case there was an outage and they had to remove the earthwire to do the operation not for the purpose of stealing the two peoplepatrolling should also be able to open the station with eye detection andfinger print once the thief is caught he can be taken to the police station.
energy of footsteps. harvesting electricity from human activity is the ultimate renewable energy. improvement mix energy and renewable energy strategy. dewa need to take the initiative and work with dm pavegen is a pioneering technology company founded in two thousand and nine that creates flooring that harnesses the energy of footsteps the technology has been installed in over one hundred projects in more than thirty countries in train stations shopping centres airports and public spaces see more at http www pavegen com sthash wzn2hbvu dpuf http money cnn com gallery technology 2014 11 11 innovative city tech 2 html http people4smartercities com editorial twist floor tiles gives power walking new meaning.
creat a department responsible for creativity.
prevention of earth wire thefts. whenearthing conductors are cut by intruders inside secondary ss this maycause fatal injury to people in case if fault in the load therefore the proposal is to improve the following safetyof people costsaving immediatefeedback about theft incident. live earth at consumer end can be fatal there is no information of theft incident extra cost for lot of planed outages cancelled due to no earthing. this can bedone through the following suggestion whenearthing conductor is cut during theft incident the tr or acb isimmediately tripped this will lead to the following advantages 1 trippingthe transformer or acb will panic the intruder 2 interruption of supply will save people from electric shock supply will be running without earthing 3 callcentre will receive lot of customer complaints which will be a kind of feedback to emergency section to attend the case.
the solution of theft of earth wire. since the earth copper wire is considered thieves favoriteand dewa suffer from such thefts my suggestion is to use the chemical earthinginstead of the copper. dewa has been experiencing severe safety hazards due toearth wire thefts it has been observed that these thefts re occurringfrequently as copper wire are an easy valued target in the field. the solution is to use chemical earthing instead of thecopper chemical earthing is the most reliable and hassle freesolution for earthing needs in both industrial as well as residential sector the chemical earthing or gel earthing has an extra edge over other type ofconventional earthing as it is long lasting economical eco friendly and lastbut not the least maintenance free when it comes to safety and reliability the chemical earthing is quite safe for human life as well for electricalsystem the features of chemical earthing over other type ofconventional earthing absorbs and retainsmoisture for long time reduce soil resistivity dissipate fault currentvery fast no need of maintenance earth resistance remainssame for longer time even large temperature variation resistivity of chemical isless than zero point one ohm m product life more than 30years.
including dewa strategy statement as tempelate with dewa id. refrence two thousand and fourteen twasol suggestion 14 0040 it is already approved and is in implementation stage vion mission values and motto statements to be included in tempelate and given to new staff at time of joining along with dewa id. as it is difficult to make awareness session for new joined staff about vision mission values and motto statements. we can make a small size tempelate where vision mission values and motto will be written and it will be put together with dewa id with this it will be always with the employee to see what is dewas vision mission values etc it can be written in both english and arabic also i suggestion to include it in diary which is given to new staff at the time of joining.
integrated scrap theft alert system to identify and recover stolen earth wires. my idea is to introduce a unified online integrated system called scrap theft alert system by forming a committee between dewa dubai police and dubai municipality whereby dewa can report track and reduce copper theft upon informing it online to all scrap recyclers this has been already introduced in other countries such as usa and canada which has helped in reduce number of cable thefts and recovering the stolen materials resulting in savings. dewa experiences severe safety hazardsdue to earth wire thefts due to high market value of copper earth wire this very much delays operation and maintenance leads to unsafe operation marked substations man hour loss as well as financial loss to the authority. anew integrated online system also includes mobile application needs to be introduced in collaboration with dubaimunicipality and dubai police and similar authorities of other emirates if required named scraptheft alert system in this system dewa upon identification learning of a earth wire theft in substation will inform all registered scrap recyclers inu a e through email and sms the alert will provide details of the cableincluding area length of cable serial number marking etc process for implementing scrap theft alert system 1 a new committee has to be formed among dewa dubai municipality and dubai police and other similar government authorities if required for this purpose 2 a new website such as www dewa gov ae scraptheftalertsystem and toll free number is required for this purpose 3 recommendations and practices of identifying and reporting stolen material needs to be defined in this system and approved by all concerned authorities 4 the system will explain how sellers can be identified the cable properties will be defined and explained to all scrap recyclers through this unified system 5 what recyclers should ask for seller its driving license emirates id receipt of material transaction etc 6 training to be provided to scrap recyclers on scrap theft identification 7 proof of purchase may be requested from seller to identify if it is stolen or not 8 resale waiting period for non proven cable wires 9 reward system for scrap recyclers who identify and report such stolen cases to dubai police 10 reward system for public who identify and report such suspicious activity which leads to arrest 11 penalties for scrap recyclers who do not follow the rules and regulations 12 public awareness required through media to identify thieves and suspicious activity in their area 13 high fencing for substations in remote areas or deserted areas or theft prone areas based on risk analysis report 14 invisible logo tagging on dewa its earth wires reporting the stolen material 1 dewa personnel can report the stolen material immediately through online system or specially introduced mobile application 2 this will be verified and uploaded online in this unified system for all scrap recyclers immediately by the concerned department of dewa 3 upon uploading this information it will be triggered in the mobile application for the registered smartphone users 4 also sms and email will be triggered to all registered recyclers as per dubai municipality database 5 sms can be also defined in the format recognized or chosen by the scrap recyclers such as arabic english hindi urdu etc such as promotional messages sent by etisalat du 6 scrap recyclers can then notify dubai police in case if the lost stolen material has been identified or found to be suspicious from the seller 7 dubai police will inform the same with dewa and proper action may be taken.
thumb impression based door lock system for distribution secondary ss. thumb impression based door lock system will secure the doors of substation and will be only be opened by dewa staff and with their thumb print and also no lach to be kep outside it can be linked wih alarm if any abnormal opening of door happens alarm can be linked to the nearset police station as well as to dewa securiy. since the current locking arrangement is not strong enough to stop theifs from stealing copper by opening or braking lach of secondary ss. thumb impression based door lock system will enhnace seurity of substaion and as well theifs will be scared to enter into substaion with some buzz sound coming if they try to open door by oher means.
knowledge month such as kmonth knovember. problem to encourage the people to givemore knowledge sharing and give more ideas. staff not involved in sharing knowledge. solution we can celebrate any month ask month for example november month can be written as knovember everywhere thisway we can encourage our staff to participate in knowledge sharing and encouragefor giving more ideas.
to prevent flashover or fire at lvdb by avoiding releasing construction supply directly from lvdb feeder. to prevent the flashover or fire at lvdb during the faults in construction supply private cables damaged by the heavy earth moving equipments at construction site by giving supply through mdps and avoiding releasing of construction supply directly from lvdb feeders. the temporary supply for construction is released with the cable provided by pvt contractor these connections are released connected in most of the cases directly from the lvdb feeders it is observed that the construction supply cables are repeatedly damaged by the heavy earth moving equipments which have direct impact on lvdb leading to flashover or fire at the substation. it is suggested not to release any construction supply directly form feeders of lvdb however these connections shall be released through mdp only if there is no mdp or mdp feeder is available with in the nearby vicinity new mdp shall be commissioned and charged to the customer on prorata basis as feasible these arrangement will reduce the direct fault impact on lvdb due to intermediate protection available in mdp.
using volt var optimization. reducingthe power losses in the transmission and distribution lines in dewa network andimprove the power factor in addition and the important thing solving the peakof energy and the overload in the summer period. theoverload in the network during the summer period and its resultant of powerloss. allthe transmission and distribution lines suffering from the power losses due tomany reasons such as lengthy distribution lines size and the resistivity of conductorsof distribution lines low power factor the overloading step down and step upthe voltage and etc furthermore for any conductor in a distribution network the current flowing through it canbe decomposed into two components active and reactive reactive power doesnot do real work but uses the current carrying capacity of the distributionlines and equipments and contributes to the power loss therefore losses can be reduced by reducing the resistance of the conductor the current magnitude reactive power or improve the power factor as we know the resistance of conductorcan t be changed in existing distribution networks because it depends on itslength and cross sectional area theexisting distribution networks are using the voltage regulator load tapchanger ltc and capacitor bank to control the power losses ltc transformersand voltage regulators can increase and decrease the amplitude of voltage toensure that consumers receive voltage within the acceptable range and the capacitorbanks are primarily used to improve the power factor in the network thereis new system which is called volt var optimization vvo system offeropportunity to better monitor system operating parameters and improvetransmission efficiency the concept of voltage var management or control isessential to electrical utilities ability to deliver power within appropriate voltagelimits so that consumers equipment operates properly and to deliver power atan optimal power factor to minimize losses volt volt amperereactive optimization vvo sensors equipment and software capable of reducingoverall distribution line losses increase grid efficiency and reliableelectricity delivery through tight control of voltage and current fluctuations in addition and the important thing it reduce peak of energy demand withoutcausing voltage current violations by implementing conservation voltagereduction program cvr as a result it will lead to reduce the load on thenetwork especially in the summer period and thus also reduce the occurrencesand losses resulting from occurrences thisparticular benefit also serves the environment it reduce the emissions ofgreenhouse gas if a utility has to generate less power to serve the samedemand then in turn they burn less coal or natural gas and therefore emit lessco2 theconsumer and dewa will benefit from using the vvo system froma consumer perspective this reduces the energy they consume froma dewa perspective it reduces the amount of power they need to generate and thereis a cost benefit associated with reduced operating costs.
thankyou cards. thankcustomers staff and coworkers with customer service week cards each featuresa description of the week on the back and inside the greeting thank you foryour support during customer service week and all year long.  customerservice week is celebrated around the globe during the first full week inoctober it is the one time of year that all service providers join together inreaffirming their commitment to serving and supporting customers the texton the back of the card reads customer service week is celebrated around theglobe during the first full week in october it is the one time of year thatall ser.
next of kin form to upload in sap or to have next of kin form in sap it self. dewa is getting next of kin decleration to dispose the terminal benifits of the employee in case of employee death these forms to be uploaded in sap and shall be seen by each employee or the form it self shall be implemented in sap system. one of employee in my unit passed away recently he has given next of kin to his mother before his marriage but after marriage he has changed the nomination but not reached to dewa which makes confusion in the process of settlement. all employees next of kin declaration to be uploaded in sap sothat every employee can see to whom he has given the nomination further if possible the form shall be designed in sap and implemented sample next of kin form attached.
providing kiosk for letters from hr salary certificate. there are several letters like salary certificate service certificate provided by hr to employees the process of issuing these certificates can be changed to kiosk system rather than by issuing on person. day to day everyone is in need of some sort of documents like salary certificates or service certificates at present in our system employee have to apply and wait for the ceritificate for some days as there are lots of applications to hr some times it may take even longer time to get one issued. a kiosk can be provided at dewa where employee can print the letters directly the employee may request on sap for the document the hr can approve his request and make his document available for print the employee can go to the kiosk where he should validate his id card for authentication and print the document.
inclusion of dewa dress code policy in offer letter for new recruits expatriates. there is no clause that highlights dewa dress code policy in the offer letter for overseas recruits the same is not communicated by hr also and as a result we end up buying stuffs that are not allowed in dewa this is a major problem for ladies coming in dubai dewa dress code policy must be included in offer letter also shall be communicated separately by hr with other guidelines that they send. there is no clause that highlights dewa dress code policy in the offer letter for overseas recruits the same is not communicated by hr also and as a result we end up buying stuffs that are not allowed in dewa this is a major problem for ladies coming in dubai. dewa dress code policy must be included in offer letter also shall be communicated separately by hr with other guidelines that they send.
electricity and water conservation tips. the idea is to create qr barcodes that has some conservationtips in arabic and english for the customers that visits dewa its branches thosetips will be helpful in increasing customer its awareness on electricity andwater conservation. using electricity sometimes wastefully means that dewa hasto invest considerably in providing more capacity to meet this demand thisgenerally requires that more fuel is used to produce the electricity and inturn increases costs. the qr barcodes can be distributed on the cashier its andcustomer service desk on walls or on the floor designed as a foot step throughdewa its app walls in the elevator also it can be in places that are visuallyobvious to customers.
engraving of number plate and fixing in ss for number plate faded cases. old painted number plate in ss are being faded after some years the number plates shall be engraved and fixed in ss. the existing practice for fixing the number plate is with paint sticker this is being faded in course of time and replaced again by painting the number there were about five thousand nods attended by mdu and mdr from jan 2012 to june two thousand and fifteen as per sap almost four numer plates every day. dist asset management has started numbering of mini distribution pillars by engraving the plates two machines avilable in hudaiba the same machine shall be used and only high quality suitable plates to be procured by distribution miantenance team and engraved with suitable size and fonts and shall be fixed in the ss this plates will never fade and last long further this can be implemented in the new ss by ped also to avoid further introduction of painted plates.
accident leave. accident leave without injury. if someone had an accident on his way to work but he did not get injury and he has police paper and he does not need to go to hospital he got late because of accident maybe he do not have annual leaves maybe his car damaged and not working so he can not come to the work. in stead of applying for earned leave there should be accident leave.
visible pipes underground glowing flashy florescent painted pipes. basically i was watching a tedx video that talks about how doctors face problems while viewing tumors or certain veins in the patient while doing a surgery the speaker who is a doctor talked about the idea of injecting a florescent liquid in to the patient that will allow doctors to view the tumor in as easier way and at the same time differentiate it from other surrounding similar parts of the body my idea is basically to paint pipes with a thin layer offlorescent paint which will make pipes visible underground while excavation isdone day or night so in a typical scenario a field employee will reach thesite to excavate he will start his job and even before reaching the pipe whileexcavation the employee will be able to view the pipe and then will know howdeep or where to excavate exactly this will make excavation easier day or night here is a link to the tedx video that i watched quyen nguyen color codedsurgery http youtu be j2xrt0qn5a you can not open it in dewa. pipes might be hard to locate or view during the day or even at night. make aflorescent pipe that glows or paint the pipes with a thin layer of florescent.
implement smart power strips in offices. offices smart power strip office building energy saving fy2009 edition top of pagelinking awareness of energy saving actions lowers electric power use in officesby about twenty percent 3 smart power strips arouse each worker its consciousness of savingenergy as his or her own responsibility by visualizing electric powerconsumption its interface is designed like a game interface allowing users toenjoy saving energy and connecting the outlets to schedulers can link andclarify each employee its work and electric power consumption if an employeeneglects to shut off the power supply to his or her pc during a long absence to attend a meeting for example the interface clearly indicates this contributing to a revolution in consciousness.  how it works smart power stripscome with a variety of features but they all have two basic components electrical outlets and circuitry that monitors and manages those outlets someelectrical outlets receive constant power while others can be completelydisabled when not in use there are three types of smart power strips 1 timer equipped these power strips have outlets that are controlled by programmable timers devices plugged into them can be scheduled to automatically turn off or on at designated times of day or night 2 occupancy sensing occupancy sensing power strips have outlets that are controlled by a motion detector devices plugged into them can automatically turn off or on in response to your physical presence or after a user defined period of time elapses e g anywhere from thirty seconds to sixty minutes 3 current sensing these power strips can automatically turn several outlets off or on when they detect that a monitor plugged into the master outlet either enters a low powered sleep mode is turned off or is turned on used in combination with monitor power management features these power strips can turn just about any electric device off and on automatically.
interactivedigital signage system. digitalsignage becomes one of the most integral parts of corporate communication topartners suppliers and customers we have been using digital signage from longtime in previous days digital signage are used only for advertisement orputting static banners it could be company vision policies location andetc today its digital signage doesn tdisplay only static contents but there is a possibility that digital signagecan used from users input a user can locate specific information that he sheis looking for digitalsignage improves the company its image in front of partners visitors customersand suppliers this is the first thing customer face once entered the vicinity therefore we should not overlookeddigital signage and keep it static portal for just displaying static contents whenwe may use it for displaying interactive contents and get users input. in dewa we are using digital signage for putting static banner pertaining to dewa its activity such wetex vision and etc contents provided by digital signage are solely static and user cannot interact with system the system doesn t give an option to a user to look for the information that a user is looking such as vicinity map filling survey complain and etc. today there are many options for displayinginteractive content on digital signage such as location map message vision complain box call a taxi displaying the services offered by us in libraryshowing information related to books and etc it is really difficult to listmany options we may have via digital signage as the list is infinite thatkeeps increasing base on imagination.
video glasses for smart serives gitex 2015. the video glasses enclose the viewer in an immersive experience with no ability to see the outside surroundings once the user puts on the video glasses the video images are all that are seen because the video glasses can shut out the outside world they are often used as a distraction in places such as dental offices. improvement iimmersive customer experience. one buy a video glasses 2 load the smart services video 3 energy and water saving video.
appreciation for the cleaning workers at dewa. the cleaning workers are cleanign the disks and offices on daily bases their role is very important to keep emloyees comfortable and satisfied while they are working however their job is a thankless job so the idea is just to say a quick note of how much we appreciate the excellent service by cleaning team. although these cleaning stuff are a hidden workers and part of dewa yet they don t get appreciation to let them feel how important they are to us. create a campaign titled spread a smile on specific day every year on this campaign we couldallow the employee to participate in appreciating cleaning individuals this iscould be done be several ways any one is possible distribute boxesover the employees to fill it with new shirt cloth small amount of money then collect these boxes on one place each dewa center should have one place ex warsan will have one place to collect these boxes and distribute them bythe evp of that center distribute small cards on the desks of the employees to write a thanking quotefor the cleaning person and leave it on their desks for the cleaning person tocollect it while he she is cleaning the desk prepare abreakfast for them and then appreciate their work by a certificate with theirname written on it donation to show them that we appreciate all that they do.
reducing the copper thefts in substations. replacing the copper conductors with low cost conductors which are in practice in the other parts of the world. due to high market scrap value of the copper conductors in the market thefts are happening in the substations which are endangering the system reliabilty and loss to dewa. i suggest that instead of copper conductors we can use gi galvanized iron may be used for earthing purpose in 33kv and eleven kv substations as the value of gi conductors in the market is comparratively very low or no scrap value thefts will definetely be reduced gi conductors are widely used in india united states of america etc though the life of the gi conductors are less than the copper conductors still it is worth to use in practice to mitigate the thefts happening particularly in 33kv and 11kv substations.
avoid earth wire and cable theft. for stop the cable thieft we can use every substation through the wireless distribution system wds outdoor access point repeater with local network use the recording night vision camera and motion detector camera this will inform the control room and also proof for recording. electricity required. non energized subsation we can use sloar power.
al masdar magazine online. to automate the production of dewa its al masdar magazine though the intranet rather than producing paper. each employee receives al masdar magazine copy to him herself and in most cases the magazine is tossed away and not even read. the magazine to be produced online where an internal communication email will be circulated and employees can read it online or if it is necessary to produce a hard copy each department head will receive one copy which he she will share with his team accordingly.
mohammed bin rashid solar park post stamp. mohammed bin rashid solar parks represents a key milestone in the development journey of dubai and uae in general it also stands as a symbol for uae and dubai commitment towards sustainability and reduction of carbon footprint the park is also a landmark and will be the host of the biggest solar power plant in the region with a potential global. is to ensure putting mohammed bin rashid solar park as a historical milestone in the offical recorded histroy of uae and dubai. coordinate with the relevant bodies to issue an offcial stamp that marks the openning of mohammed bin rashid solar park.
borrow items offer bio. createspecial web link name borrow items offer that allow any employ in dewautilize items belong to dewa by any other employee the items can cameras tools irgone ammeter drone drill car etc. buy new tools already avilable in dewa whch will add cost without real needs. by borrow items offer thiswill prevent any unwanted purchase for the tools that been used for a hour in amonth this step will lead to better utilization of asset the control can beby the system through email reminder which will avoid any theft also thephoto of tools can be uplaod to the system also the history of usage of the.
dewa green marathon day. set up a walkway marathon to be the first green marathon in dubai by taking a few key steps and adhering to eco friendly practices the event will meet the goal of our counties to reduce waste increase recycling and reuse and to convert waste into energy calling on all participants and the public to avoid driving on marathon day and give our cars a day off! to travel to and from the marathon let its all use dubai its great public transport system run walk or ride your bike and contribute to a greener marathon! as a sponser of dewa green marathon dewa is commited to reduce carbon emission save energy and perform sustainibility. with the increased environmental challenges in the world we are committed to offering participants a race that is as eco friendly as possible. perform over one hundred percent of registration via paperless online registration estimate the carbon travel footprint of event participants provide composting receptacles for paper cups set up recycling opportunities for race bibs providing recycling bins during race and offering compostable options awarenes campaign through dewa marathon to generate feedback before and after the race invite other organizations to participate in the race.
let it work. thereis two fast services counters located at alqouz branch customer service center which are not used till now based on customer needs and as we receive daily questionsabout the nearest ejari we can deal with one or two companies like ejariregistration exchange companies etisalate or du which will increase the number of customer at alqouz customer service center. these counters are planned to be used in future during the rush hours. make a contract with two of the most wanted services like ejari registration and one of the telecomunication services like etisalate of du based on customer needs to rent the two counters.
automatic toilet seat cover. if you use this type of toilet there are some benefit healthy save cost of tissue and clean http www alibaba com product detail bng sensored automatic hygienic toilet seat 127806568 html?spm a2700 7724838 35 6 ufjacw. all toilets are not healthy to use so if you want to use it you have to put tissue but if you use this type of toilet there are some benefit healthy save cost of tissue and clean. http youtu be 6umwkqjtzkc.
intra classified. are you looking for a used car to buy? do you want to buy a used furniture? or want to ren out you car or home during you vacation? to have a solution for the above it is suggested to establish an intra website can be named as dewa intra market or dewa intra classified or dewa mart where it can host all the details of used cars furniture electronic items toys and many other items equipment from staff for example if i want to sell my car i can post on this website which can be viewed all dewa staff. dewa staff usually refers external webiste for different classified sometimes the item may not be as expected this ends up a person in remorse because of any intentional or un intentional cheating also in case of any one wants to sell his belongings he must be going through the same process. the above problem can be dealt by generating an intra website which will host all the classified from staff to staff website would provide a plateform where staff who wants to sell his her belongings would just enter the details these details would be then viewable to all staff staff can view comment and negotiate on price in the comment area.
installation of motion detector sensor will eliminate earth rod theft from dewa electrical sub stations. a motion detector is a device that detects movingobjects particularly peoples unauthorized enteries in to a restricted area amotion detector is often integrated as a component of a system thatautomatically performs a task or alerts a user of motion in an area implementationwill help dewa to detect unauthorized entry in dewa its sub stations and willhelp to prevent copper earth rod theft. copperearth rod theft from dewa electrical sub stations is costing millions of dirhamsloss to dewa. restrict entry tosub stations only to authorized staffs by electronic access crontrolsystem authorized staff to swap his dewa identity card and based on that onlydoor will be opened if any unathorised person enters any time inside dewasub station then the motion sensor will detect the presence and will giveimmediate alret alarm message to main security control room.
smart services apps for dewa regulation of electrical installations for consultant and contractors. nowadays all information are readily availble in the internet and made easily accesible for users through smartphone hence the idea is to introduce the dewa regulations for electrical installations as an seperate application or integrated with existing dewa apps exisiting dewa apps are mostly for customer services but it does not have dewa regulations for electrical installations dewa apps also have publication page where many shared information are displayed if we search in the internet for our regulations many scanned copies of such regulations of different edition are available but their were time to time modification in dewa website regarding regulations. updated information not readily available or not reaching the contractors to avoid using duplicated copies or outdated information by contractors avoid access to non authentic documents or information which are readily availble in the internet. users are expecting everything to be readily available and also the information need to be authentic hence such apps shall be developed with or without access control as decided by it security policy access can be granted only for registered users or contractors or consultants as per our policy this apps access can be paid service or can be free every electrical engineer in dubai would like to have such apps in their smart phones for his referene design and decision making through this apps we can inform the users directly about the updates modification or alert on any change in policies or regulations immediately additional options can be included in the apps this apps can be also be developed as an integrated dubai goverment apps for regulations including other regulations related to this job such as specific dubai municipality regulations or dubai civil defence regulations rta and dubai local law specific to our requirement also we can have some add on facilities or interactive services inside the apps such as basic electrical calculation wire selection based on load ratings or specific equipments requirements add on facility for users to raise enquiry about dewa regulation requiements through apps.
portable batteries for electric cars. portable batteries for electric cars to plug when car run out of power. improvement portable batteries for electric cars to plug when care run out of power to reach to nearest charging station. this initiative need dewa r and d and other departments to collobrate with may industries and companies small like nitrogen cyclinder 1 design and build portable batteries and connector in the electric cars two design and produce mass battery chareger to charge many batteries at once three mass charging can be done at fuel station or back office 4 portable batteries to be avialble at fuel stations for customers to exchange with empty batteries.
commuting service from rashidya to wrasan. dewa can with coordination with the rta start a commuting service from rashidiya metro station to dewa complex. dewa promotes the idea of sustainability and applies it to all its operations and planning dewa employees can by using the public transportation help in reducing the carbon footprint and the greenhouse effect to the environment the rta organizes a public transportation day at early november every year to promote the use of public transportation instead of private vehicles which the main way to commuting from and to work by dewa staff for those who work in the dewa it is simple to do that because there is a nearby metro station the same applies to the employees working in the sustainable building in al qouz but for those who work in dewa complex it is very difficult to use the public transportation because the distance between dewa and alrashiya the nearest metro station is about fifteen kms there is a bus service from rashidiya to academic city which passes through dewa area but it takes very long time to reach its destination as it also covers the international city area. dewa can with coordination with the rta start a commuting service from rashidiya metro station to dewa complex two buses are to be allocated for dewa staff working in dewa complex the fee will be the standard fee for such journey as per rta regulation or may be if this idea goes forward other arrangements will be made the buses will take the employees from and to dewa complex at certain times dewa employees who live in dubai can use the metro service to rashidiya metro station and then take the bus to dewa dewa employees who live in sharjah and ajman and who come through shaikh mohammed bin zayed road can park their cars at rashidiya metro station and take the bus to dewa.
break time software in staff pcs. idea is to install break time software in pcs of every staff for keeping the staff fit and healthy from continuous desk job. as most of the staffs forget to stretch and relax while working in pcs the healthiness and productivity of the staff may reduce this will also bring several health problems to the staff. to install break time software such as big stretch reminder breaker etc in dewa staff pcs so that the staff gets alert from the software at a specified time to relax from the desk job and get some relaxing exercises as continuous hours of desk job is also not recommended by even health experts.
using tetra devices during black out. during black out the maximum backup supply for antenna gsm etisalat station in case of power interruption is one hour to two hours so with tettra device we can make communication between the dfo staff and distribution dewa for more than eight hours. one few areas covered by gsm two one to two hours backup supply time 3 no tele communication will be available during full black out 4 money cost in dirhams for using etisalat is zero point three fils in one minute. one it will cover most of the areas of dubai 2 using tettra system we can make tele communication for eight hours 3 during full black out the tettra device will not be disconnect 4 money saved per minute per call per staff.
reflecting the specialist track adopted idea in the top innovator. top innovator is mainly based on innovation point the innovation point can be earned from fast track idea adopted or specialist track idea not adopted the value of the specialist track adopted not reflecting on the top innovator since if the specialist track idea approved implemented the award will be cash and certificate without innovation points i suggest to reflect the value of specialist track adopted in top innovator by adding innovation point to the implemented specialist track idea no extra cash award it is only points. the value of the specialist track adopted not reflecting on the top innovator. top innovator is mainly based on innovation point theinnovation point can be earned from fast track idea adopted or specialist trackidea not adopted the value of the specialist track adopted not reflecting onthe top innovator since if the specialist track idea approved implemented the award will be cash and certificate without innovation points i suggest to reflect the value of specialist trackadopted in top innovator by adding innovation point to the implementedspecialist track idea no extra cash award it is only points.
solar cloth. suggest to study thesolar cloth as pilot project promoting sustainability below some information it suitable for existing building one roofing solutions 2 power parking 3 retrofit solar pls go thru attached file. improvment. i suggest to study thesolar cloth as pilot project promoting sustainability below some information it suitable forexisting building 1 roofing solutions 2 power parking 3 retrofit solar quote the solar cloth company is asolar power systems integrator of innovative new products in the past 12months over seven years of randd andcollaboration with top universities has led to the commercialisation offlexible solar panels and a wide product portfolio flexible thin film photovoltaics tfpv is a second generation solar power technology that converts sunlight intoelectricity tfpv is comprised of successivethin layers just one to four m thick of solar cells deposited onto lightweight inexpensive substrates such as polymer metal or glass therefore tfpv can bepackaged into flexible and lightweight structures known as building integratedphotovoltaics bipv conventional silicon c si solar panels are inflexibleglass backed panels and heavy meaning they are unsuitable for most worldwidelightweight industrial roofing systems tfpv cells are about one hundred timesthinner than current c si cells 1 most thin film solar cells are directband gap semiconductors which mean they are able to absorb the energycontained in sunlight with a much thinner layer than indirect band gapsemiconductors such as traditional silicon pv tscc uses copper indium galliumdiselenide cigs as a base technology known for its higher light toelectricity conversion rate and lightweight flexible properties http www thesolarclothcompany com products unquote.
accomodation problem. dubai is rising fequently and accomodation rent is going fly sky so now time to think by dewa for employee affordable. from last two thousand and twelve house rent incrising fequently every year now is riding sky and mid and lower level employe can not afforde with salary and family can not kept with them so employ being fastreed and unhappy happy employe quality works unhappy employe poor works. dewa can arrange low cost familly accomodation for mid lower mid level employe dewa can take low cost rent flat from gov aouthirity or buildup low cost acomodation.
outsource security and reporting contract security ms dubai world. at around 300 ms dubai world security guards are now adays directly reporting to cctv operators 24 7 through phone email radio from various dewa locations such as admin buildings customer service stores 400 132 kv stations 33kv station water reservoirs and pumping station etc. i would suggest the authority to terminate the service fordewa security control office at dewa dewa due to the unavailability or incapabilityof receiving the reports from ms dubai world security guards 24 7 and take approprate action with dewa sr supervisors dewa security supervisors and the teams. an internal audit is recommended to advice the ms world reporting channel to be clear with the responsibility and well as the dewa security control office operations at ho.
providing a lactation room facilities to support breastfeeding mothers. lactation room is an americanterm for a private room where a breastfeeding woman can use a breast pump inprivate one or more times a day lactation room its with an electrical outlet where breastfeedingemployees can use a pump to express milk during the work period the purpose of lactation rooms is to reduce barriers to breastfeeding mothers by enabling them to breastfeed their child or pump expressed milk for later use once they physically return to work.  a breastfeedingfacility is not expensive or complicated to set up lactationrooms requires a minimum a lockable door a work surface and chair a smallutility type sink storage for cleaning supplies and paper towels basiccleanliness accessibility and security are the most important features of abreastfeeding facility a worker needs to know that the space will be availablewhen she needs it.
new detector with higher sensitivity and green light option old system no 14 2504. see attached file pls i suggest to try the new detectorwith higher sensitivity than traditional earth fault protections new type efi if the fault didn t pass the substation the led will show green light as of today in dewa if the fault didn tpass the substation the efi will not operate and no indication of itshealthiness can be seen by try the new one all the efi will work andgive indication red if fault pass and green if not pass consists of a main unit three cts and an external led unit the ledunit is placed in the substation outer wall to be seen from a distant position light gives a red or green light signal when the feeder is trippedpersistently if the detector has registered a short circuit or earth faultshort before the the feeder is tripped it will signal with flashing red colorand if no fault was registered it will signal with flashing green color. improvment and if the fault didn t pass the substation the led will show green light. see attached file pls i suggest to try the new detectorwith higher sensitivity than traditional earth fault protections new type efi if the fault didn t pass the substation the led will show green light as of today in dewa if the fault didn tpass the substation the efi will not operate and no indication of itshealthiness can be seen by try the new one all the efi will work andgive indication red if fault pass and green if not pass consists of a main unit three cts and an external led unit the ledunit is placed in the substation outer wall to be seen from a distant position light gives a red or green light signal when the feeder is trippedpersistently if the detector has registered a short circuit or earth faultshort before the the feeder is tripped it will signal with flashing red colorand if no fault was registered it will signal with flashing green color.
midel oil trf as alternative to cast resin trf old system no 15 3251. we are using two type oftransformers in our system the mineral oil trf and cast resin trf the fire safety were proven for thecast resin trf hence we are using it in indoor ss there is another type of oil knownas synthetic oil midel oil fire point c322 and used for trf the fire pointfor mineral oil existing at dewa is one hundred and seventy c and for midel oil is three hundred and twenty two c midel is used in indoor transformersas an alternative to cast resin where proven fire safety of the transformeris required fluid filled transformers can also save substantial energy whencompared to a standard cast resin transformer by having lower load and no loadlosses i suggest to study the feasibly ofusing midel oil trf as alternative to cast resin with consideration to the costdifferent and all technical aspect since the price of midel oil trf higherthan the mineral oil pls find the comparative in the below schedule benefits cost saving improve dewa its imag improve quality of customer service cml less less maintenance property midel seven thousand one hundred and thirty one cast resin fire resistance excellent moderate life expectancy high moderate efficiency high low to moderate sound level low moderate maintenance none on sealed transformers regular cleaning and crack detection fault diagnosis dga yes no repair possible yes difficult subject to transformer manufacturer its recommendations. improvment for cost saving improve dewa its imag improve quality of customer service cml less less maintenance. we are using two type oftransformers in our system the mineral oil trf and cast resin trf the fire safety were proven for thecast resin trf hence we are using it in indoor ss there is another type of oil knownas synthetic oil midel oil fire point c322 and used for trf the fire pointfor mineral oil existing at dewa is one hundred and seventy c and for midel oil is three hundred and twenty two c midel is used in indoor transformersas an alternative to cast resin where proven fire safety of the transformeris required fluid filled transformers can also save substantial energy whencompared to a standard cast resin transformer by having lower load and no loadlosses i suggest to study the feasibly ofusing midel oil trf as alternative to cast resin with consideration to the costdifferent and all technical aspect since the price of midel oil trf higherthan the mineral oil pls find the comparative in the below schedule benefits cost saving improve dewa its imag improve quality of customer service cml less less maintenance property midel seven thousand one hundred and thirty one cast resin fire resistance excellent moderate life expectancy high moderate efficiency high low to moderate sound level low moderate maintenance none on sealed transformers regular cleaning and crack detection fault diagnosis dga yes no repair possible yes difficult subject to transformer manufacturer its recommendations.
arc flash protective hood with face shield for safe liveoperation. normally dfo engineers do the live operation without any face protection in case of any flash over the chances to get the serious injury is high to protect the face and head it is recomended to provide the arc flash protective hood with face shield safety is always first priorityand the arc flash hood with face shields are small cost in comparison to theloss in quality of life of a worker. normally dfo engineers do live operations in 11 6 6kv oil and gas rmus without any face protection there is always a risk of flash over due to equipment failure normal wear and tear low gas and oil level oil leakage and wrong switching in such cases there is a chance of flash over and hot oil may come out if the operator is exposed there is a chance to serious injury especially in face and head some recent example ref the attachment wcd 300004836 landc oil rmu flashed over and aeo got injured wcd 300033508 elmec extensible gas rmu flashed over while opening the isolator wcd three hundred million forty two thousand three hundred and seventy six whileclosing the tr2 f its tr2 core flashed over which is located near to rmu wcd 300041446 while aeo paralleling the ring feeder tripped from both side due to thewrong phasing. provide arc flash protective hood with face shield or helmet with face shield either can provide individually or can keep in each subzone vehicle.
accomodation coluny for all employeese. accomodation. wasting of time because accomodation in dubai is very costly so medurity of dewa employees lived away from dubai and also traffice effected by arranging accomodation near by their working areas. dewa have much places land park in dubai area so need to make accomodation and facilitate the employee its also effected on produtivity of organization.
dewa patents. dewa should have a technological transfer office or patent office. incentivise innovation. dewa should have a patent office where all new innovative working ideas can be patent according to the laws of the uae also the office can make partnerships with universities in the uae and abroad these partnerships can be developed into full sponsorship by dewa to carefully selected ideas and projects.
designing a solar powered drone. advances in solar cell technology can make drones a more powerful tool such as crop surveying and oil and gas field monitoring a drone that flies longer could carry out lengthier assignments and reduce its operating cost. the drone usually doesn t land gracefully its motor is designed to turn off when it reaches a certain altitude and then it hits the ground and glides to a stop more often than not though the impact causes some parts to break off. adding solar energy to the design could help to convert sunlight into electricity especially in the gulf region and therefore producing energy that make it fly for more than two hours.
mini metro train within japs. establishing a mini metro train within japs to carry the heavy items from one station to another. as we may not get the items materials and documents in the exact time that they are required. establishing a mini metro train within japs to carry the heavy items from one station to another as the drones cannot cover this subject do to their small size and limited capabilities.
why drones can be a boon for solar. using drone for cleaning andmaintenance of solar panels. one right now employees would have to make their way around a large installation using hand held devicesfor location of faulty panels 2 manual cleaning and other semi automatized solutions such as robotsare both costly and remain difficult to deploy 3 in the middle east the desalinationprocess and the transportation of water maintenance team have to fill up a bigutility car to get the water on site in the desert is quite expensive 4 it is tedious to ward off birds bats andother endangered species from flying near solar panels. 1 a drone can easily pick out a broken ormalfunctioning solar panel from a field of thousands a defective panel createsa distinctive heat signal as it fails but a drone outfitted with a thermalsensor easily can find it among million solar pv panels covering squares of miles at a operating solar power installation they fly low over the solar arrays at speedsup to fifty miles per hour 2 this burden can be reduced withbrush carrying drones that skim along the solar arrays and wipe their surfacesclean drone canbe used to clean solar panels in arid regions such as the desert worldwide 3 drone can be attached with a brush that will sweep across the surface ofthe panels brushing dirt and dust to the ground below the main advantage of thissolution over other robot cleaning systems is that it can cover an entire solarfarm through pre programmed flight paths this means they don t need to bemoved manually from row to row a task which in itself can provelabor intensive 4 they can also help ward off birds bats and other endangered species fromflying near solar panels basically they provide a safe inexpensivealternative to human eyes and hands in a wide range of situations.
e signature pad from paper. no paper usage in operational area like central store for documentation no wasting out time for filing the documents. as we are aware that still we take print for documents and file it for future reference this is a very old method when the whole world trust computer then we dont want to take print wate time paper and man power to arrange the documents for filing. e signature pad can be replaced and we can use it be store documents in the same computer same time without paper wastage and time wastage.
theme three emergency repose electricity outage and distress relief to check efi operation status of substations in remote areas for faster electric supply restoration using drones. idea is to check efi operation status of substations located in remote areas or deserted areas for faster electric supply restoration utilizing drone camera technology. during any forced outage it takes time to identify if efi earth fault indicator is operated or not in substations located in remote areas or deserted areas as operation engineer needs to travel to the substation to identify it upon instruction of control centre which will delay supply restoration in these areas and customer is affected very much. solution is to use drones to reach the substations located in remote areas and identify if efi is operated or not by utilizing its camera these drones with camera has to be provided to operational engineers assigned in such zones.
snapchat geofilters. as snapchatallowed recently geofilters for certain locations i suggest that dewa shall have ageofilter for its offices and customer service locations the geofilter can beas dewa logo or to show some saving tips or etc i suggest thatthis shall go even forward to promote different activities such as earth dayand wetex follow the link to have breif idea regarding snapchat geofilters https www snapchat com geofilters. this will improve dewa image and encourage people to share their experience with dewa. i suggest that dewa shall have a geofilter for its offices and customer service locations the geofilter can be as dewa logo or to show some saving tips or etc i suggest that this shall go even forward to promote different activities such as earth day and wetex.
pepper robot. creating our own robot for mutilple purposes 1 customer service 2 education 3 promotions smart services etc. improvement incorporating robotics into our company we can invent new practices strengthen customer relationships offer customers new services add value to brand image and much more. contact https www aldebaran com in cooperation with aldebaran create our own humanoid robot tailor made to suit our needs whatever business process we need.
drone for patroling. engaging drones for patroling the highly sensible area where the copper theft is very common. recently dewa is facing big impact and loss due to coppe theft from our substations statitics shows that few area such as mirdif warqa etc are most affected place where theft happened more repeatedly providing cctv camera for those substation are not cost effective and also that is also under the risk of theft. my idea is using drone with camera facility may be used to fly around those areas as patroling which shall be monitoring by a call center.
drones at critical moment. this is to be used at critical stages where the human cannotreach. at the moment such as fire accident earthquake and dust storm. this can be used to monitor the above situation and give commands on public life.
color coded led lights to represent power consumption status to customers. in line of dewa initiative of saving power duringpeak hours dewa to install led lights run up over the buildings i e customerservice buildings head office etc those lights acting as color code representing powerconsumption message to the customers this code could be designed in differentmanners ex green led daily goal of energy consumption is achieved red led reduce your loads etc such message could be conveyed to the customers residents in a way which is always in their minds and enhances their socialresponsibility towards natural resources sharing some load data with public to give anidea about power consumption status and referring to this initiative in mediawhile implementation could make this a successful one finally setting of the color code will bedynamically change with the growing demand from time to time note this idea is implemented in small city scalein masdar city. power cnsumption during peak hours. in line of dewa initiative of saving power during peak hours dewa to install led lights run up over the buildings i e customer service buildings head office etc those lights acting as color code representing power consumption message to the customers this code could be designed in different manners ex green led daily goal of energy consumption is achieved red led reduce your loads etc such message could be conveyed to the customers residents in a way which is always in their minds and enhances their social responsibility towards natural resources.
dewa website to share power consumption status to users in a color code manner saving power during peak hours. in line of dewa initiative of saving powerduring peak hours dewa to design a dialogue box in the website header and in dewaapplication showing the status of power consumption of the utility by colors such message could be designed in differentmanners ex green daily goal of energy consumption is achieved red action is required etc it could be conveyed to the website users customers leading them to take the action of reducing their loads in case of red color the requied action may be appeared for the users in rotating pop up like 1 avoid turning on electrical appliances during peak hours 12pm to 5pm instead operate them during off peak hours especially in the summer season two adjust air conditioning to 24 at the place of your work or residence three adjust air conditioning to 28 or switch off once you leave the place four use a programmable thermostat to control air conditioning five turn off the lights during daylight times six turn off lights in the places where you are not present seven irrigate your garden and water your plants at night time or very early in the morning to reduce water evaporation and water consumption levels. increasing power demand during peak and lack of knowledge about peak demand from some customers. in line of dewa initiative of saving power during peak hours dewa to design a dialogue box in the website header and in dewa application showing the status of power consumption of the utility by colors such message could be designed in different manners ex green daily goal of energy consumption is achieved red action is required etc.
drones as inspector for prevent copper theft. engaging drones for patroling the highly sensible area where the copper theft is very common. dewa has been experiencing severe safety hazards due to earth wire thefts it has been observed that these thefts re occurring frequently as copper wire are an easy valued target in the field we are determined to implement strictly security measures to avoid such thefts in future statitics shows that few area such as mirdif warqa etc are most affected place where theft happened more repeatedly providing cctv for all the substation is not cost effective which is also under the risk of theft. my idea is using drone with following facility may be used to fly around those areas as patroling which shall be monitoring controlled by a call center one hd camera with night vision two motion sensor which shall alert the control center.
let its learn arabic application for teaching basic arabic language. apart of dewa initiatives to support the arabic languges by various means it in consultantation with mcc hr internally and ministry of culture mbrf externally may develop a a smart application which gives basic arabic languge lessons vocabulary gramer alphabets useful or common phrases arab culture a word of today etc. current used tools training courses arranged not attracting the staff to continue learning the language and timing problem. to initiate an attractive application which encourage people to love the arabic language and get keen to learn it based on their suitable time.
theme three emergency repose electricity outage and distress relief utilize specially made drones to deliver rmu operating handle safely to the operation engineer in substation located faraway or deserted areas in case it is not available during electric supply restoration process. nearby subzone engineer can direct specially made drones to deliver rmu operating handle safely to the operation engineer in substations located faraway or deserted areas when it is informed that operating handle is not available by engineer during electric supply restoration. during supply restoration process it has been found that rmu operating handle is not available in the substations this leads to the operating engineer to go to the nearby substation in order to get the operating handle to restore or isolate the circuit in that substation. nearby subzone engineer can utilize specially made drones to deliver rmu operating handle safely to the operation engineer in substation located faraway or deserted areas when it is informed that operating handle is not available by the engineer during electric supply restoration process after carrying out work using the operating handle the same handle can be returned back to its substation if required using that drone.
initiative from dewa to reduce global warming arbor day tree day. whether you plant trees aroundyour home and property in your community or in our national forests theyhelp fight climate change through the natural process of photosynthesis treesabsorb co2 and other pollutant particulates then store the carbonand emit pure oxygen. arbor day tree day to be conducted in dewa. arbor day treeday to be included in dewa its initiatives to reduce global warming.
in house talents and suppliers. dewa should invite staff who are having extra skills probably a hobby in photography music painting graphics designing event organizing fashion health and wellness beauty and make up building designs event hostings catering car pools etc this will give employees their best time to show their talents or hobbies and build a good name in the future when they decide to make their talents hobbies as their own business or could earn them extra money during their tenure in the organization in which the organization will be benefiting as well. dewa events activities when organized are very expensive with outsourcing productions talent showcases decorations catering etc we are more than 10 000 employees and probably ten percent are wanting to introduce their hobbies which can turn into business and we pay outside parties 3x more expensive when we can give chance to our own employees to earn extra apart from the fact that we signed an undertaking not to engage in any activity outside work the commodoties and cost of living is getting higher. 1 gather their profiles contact details and rates portfolios preferred 2 a separate registration for list of in house talents and suppliers via sap or dewa webiste 3 budget code from finance for this certain activity 4 once talents are gathered they can be screened filtered and approved by mdandceo 5 introduce them officially via internal news 6 they can also conduct workshops for other employees who are willing to join their group in order to add help in their area of expertise 7 to select a reliable in house talents a user department will go through their profiles and invite them for meetings then once a selection is made they can be mentioned in the approval memo prn details of service items offered cost and budget code 8 payment can be included in the salary or a separate cheque 9 the payment process should be included in the sap 10 they can be evaluated through satisfaction survey of the user department who hired them 11 they can also assist other employees in their personal events and they can agree on the cost separately a special discount should be given to the employees hiring these talents 12 an mou with the talents can be generated for terms and conditions pertaining to dewa standards.
recycling greywater. refrence 14 0886 we have huge amount of water we are wasting instead of recycling and reusing it water from baths showers and bathroom we can reuse the ablution water shower water and hand wash water in much useful purpose such as irrigation flushing toilets spaying and cleaning our dewa vehicles by a certain amount of treatment. we have huge amount of water we are wasting instead of recycling and reusing it water from baths showers and bathroom can be reused. we can reuse the ablution water shower water and hand wash water in much useful purpose such as irrigation flushing toilets spaying and cleaning our dewa vehicles by a certain amount of treatment.
faraday its cage in the 132 11 kv ss building. to install the faraday its cage in the substation building. we receive many nods regarding a partial distcharge activity in the swgr panels and capcitor banks our teams will take the concerned panel out and check the swgr status by inspecting testing it without getting any partial distcharge marks that is due to external noise that our condition monitering instruments detect. installating this faraday its cage in the substation building it will form a cage mesh enclosure around the substation building which will block all the external static and non static electric fields no current will flow through the building due to the equipotential cage that will surround it hence no external noise will be detected by our instruments.
prevention of earth wire theft. prevention of eath wire theft will help the dewa to minimized their loss. loss of dewa assets. upgrade and provide 24hrs surveilance camera all over the visinity of dewa assets provide awareness and smart application to reach whenever they want make a complain provide twenty four hrs patrolling team sensor to be provided from big to smal substation locks to be repair.
biometric access control system. this idea is all about biometric access control system since the security of dewa is highly imperative it is essential to implement security devices which will elevate the safety of the company and its employees unlike keys cards or number sequences biometric security readers like fingerprint readers retinal eye scanners and hand geometry readers provide access control that cannot be transferred there is just no way to fake it a person must be physically present at the point of identification in order to gain access. id cards that we are having as a major tool for attendance and access identification are at high risk when lost borrowed or misused by another person. an access control which cannot be transferred to another person.
your voice. the idea your voice or will be the greatest idea for dubai its population which we will name its them by dubai environment savers to help us by they voice recording message using dewa smart application to report any issues similar to inform us inform about issue using camera. by comparing camera inform us in dewa smart application and my idea your voice each one has diffrent privileges camera inform us need camera walking sender choose issue option and fill up easy walking access location and not require for car drivers and has chosen languages. the your voice initiative idea will be more easy and practical for environment saver to inform us and is require for device mic access the initiative will support also initiative drop to save environment.
awarding top scoring staff kids. dewa can award top scoring students of staff the benchmarks can be set at school level college level etc scholarships can also be provided for kids of lower grade staff whose kids are top scorers this shall ensure loyalty and belongingness among staff. there is no scheme to award kids of dewa staff who scores top marks in their school college. a mechanism can be developed for recognising top scoring kids of dewa staff the benchmarks can be set at school level college level etc scholarships can also be provided for kids of lower grade staff whose kids are top scorers.
automatedsurveys for call after calling it service desk. automatedsurveys for call after calling it service desk which lets the user to rate thecall after each call two questions will be providedto the user after the call transfer to ivr by sd agent ifs he interest question is your incident resolved? if yes press 1 if no press2 question are you satisfied with the serviceyou received? if yes press 1 if no press2.
challenge matrix it is list of area issues difficulties required solution. this objective is to keepthe challenges in front and think about solutions and to share it with all toseek individual team for the development of green and innovation solutions it is linked with dubai 2021and dewa strategy as below and inthe attached file tbl02 supporting dubai its sustainable development stakeholderengagement ip06 implementation of best practice stakeholder engagement strategicinnovation ip08 effective randd and innovative solutions and technologies i suggest to start it in am as first level it will be given to all staff new staff and tbt if needed later it can be on div level. improvement. this objective is to keep the challenges in front and think about solutions and to share it with all to seek individual team for the development of green and innovation solutions it is linked with dubai 2021and dewa strategy as below and in the attached file tbl02 supporting dubai its sustainable development stakeholder engagement ip06 implementation of best practice stakeholder engagement strategic innovation ip08 effective randd and innovative solutions and technologies i suggest to start it in am as first level it will be given to all staff new staff and tbt if needed later it can be on div level.
birthday greeting for dewa employees on freejna. similar to list of new joiner a list with name of employee and department with birthday greetings daily on freejna. employees involvement and relationship to organisation. a column greeting employees with names and department on birthdays will make emplyee motivated this will let people know of there piers supervisors and subordinates birthdays making it special for employee it create good relations among emplyees and better team.
elcb board. whenever working in live substation during maintanance or any emergency any instrument used should be connected through a extension board with elcb. in case of any internal fault in instrument will trip the lvdb of ss directly. a board with elcb should be used always to connect kits or vacuum cleaners.
punching at the training app. dewa conducts so many trainings by spending good amount of resources for the better ment of its employees even though marking attendance sheet at the training venue is manadtory that doesnt ensure candidates attend training for the full schedule most of the people leave early by developing an app which the dewa partner trainers can download and operate with unique registered dewa id can be used for punching in and out this improves responsibilty on aprt of trainers candidates and become easy for attendance control to monitor attendance. candidates leaving early from trainings after initially signing the attendance sheet is common among employees also training department often approch individual dept for collecting data about who attend what training. by developing an app where by employee can punch in and out at training locations will prevent employees from misusing the training opportunity also accurate data of who attended what traing can be collected to a centralised database the same can utilized for internal meetings and presentation and mentoring so that knowledge management team will have better data on knowledge management activities across dewa.
provide the life for the old approved or implemented ideas. to my dewa idea team there are many implemented approved suggestion in oldsystem only some staff know about it based on the employee sharing knowledge asthe old system not support the knowledge sharing the new system supports the knowledge sharing by publishingit in my dewa ides system my suggestion that to share the old system approved or implementedideas in new system how??? pls see below create campaign special code or category to allow thestaff to upload the old implemented approved suggestion in new system just for knowledge sharing and the ideawill be closed i e not for comments the benefit 1 knowledge sharing 2 system will be updated bythe old idea which will help the staffto see the similarity 3 promote innovation and knowledge sharing 4 sharing the success. there are many implemented approved suggestion in old system only some staff know about it which will not help the staff to see the similarity improvement to promote innovation and knowledge sharing. there are many implemented approved suggestion in old system only some staff know about it based on the employee sharing knowledge as the old system not support the knowledge sharing the new system supports the knowledge sharing by publishing it in my dewa ides system my suggestion that to share the old system approved or implemented ideas in new system how??? pls see below create campaign special code or category to allow the staff to upload the old implemented approved suggestion in new system just for knowledge sharing and the idea will be closed i e not for comments the benefit one knowledge sharing 2 system will be updated by the old idea which will help the staff to see the similarity three promote innovation and knowledge sharing 4 sharing the success.
peak time load control. dewa can assign power requirement foreach consumer and if the power consumption exceeds the set amount proper audiovisual alarms are activated if the consumer takes the power greater thanallotted for a preset time the power is automatically shut down this can be implemeted usling plc and scada e g a consumer have an electrical load of ten thousand win his house during peak time the electricity board assign that he can use50 percent of his total load i e is 5000w if the consumer tries to consume thepower greater than the allotted during peak time 5000w we have to alerthim that your load consumption is exceeded by a proper alarm if he ignored andcontinue over consumption the power supply will be shut automatically and itwill be restored once he switch off his load less or equal to 5000w. we all knows in dubai twelve to 18 00 is considered as a peak time during this period every one has to urged to reduce thier energy consumption but how many of us follow this so if we dewa can control the energy consumption at user end its more economical and wastages of enegy can be minimised results save resoucrces save environment and whatever we are saving here can be utilised for generations to come plc programmablelogic control are costly they are used in industries commercial automationpurposes finding plc for our specific needs no of inputs and outputs are less compared to commercial application plc its. module designing software and plc programming ifmanufacturer can produce plc according to our needs the problem can be solved and if possible we can link this with our new dewa smart metering project.
leaflets and brochure vending machine in customer service centers. the idea is provide all dewa leaflets and brochurs in a more organized and innovative way which is thru vending machines instead of the traditional stands. currently our leaflets and brochures are being kept on traditional stands check the attachment and on the counters many customers who see them on the counter tend to use those leaflets and brochures just to write on them and discard them after when they are done waste of paper and many times we see expired leaflets and brochures and also not arranged properly since customers tend to read and return the same in the wrong place sometimes. i recommend leaflets and brochure vending machine in customer service centers it is innovative and a new way to organize leaflets and brochures i think if this will be implemented we will be the first to do so what do you all think? nice idea.
micro training curriculum and program for national trainee engineers in generation and desal dept. to develop micro training program to develop ganddp engineer trainees to entry level competencyframework on successful completion of training. in line with emiratisation strategy the department is getting graduate engineer trianees after initial dewa orientation coordinated by hr it is the deparment its responsibility to train and develop them since nature of work in ganddp require working knowledge on wide range of technical and non technical topics a comprehensive program is required to give road map and guidance to trianees and to facilitate followup of their progress due to varying nature of work in the dept job trianing scope is limited. develop micro trianing curriculam and program for use of trainees and their supervisors it shall cover various technical topics on engineering design basics power genration technologies gas solar coal nuclear etc desalination process dewa strategy master plan process statistic records ims procedures dgep sustainability demand side management emission reduction program etc each theme will have topics and referance information sources and conatct points identified and grouped in to twelve nos monthly modules in addition to ongoing interaction and evaluation by immediate supervisor monthly progress report or departmental presentation shall be made by trainees this will be supplimented by on the job training as much as possible current draft version of the program is attached.
biomass power plant. to generate electricty from general waste. electricity is generated from petrol diesel in dubai which are non renewable resources and getting depleted at a faster rate in future the world may face shortage of these natural resources. construct a biomass powerplant which will generate electricity from general waste such as wood waste organic waste from households hotels and industry.
sms controlled home appliances. to switch off home appliances or main power with mobile phone. people at home may forget to switch off home appliances such as fans ac washing machine etc while going out which will lead to unnecessary wastage of power and increased bill amount. control individual home appliance from phone by sending sms with specific assigned or a miss call to cut the main power from db.
re tested hrc fuse standard labeling. re tested hrc fuse labels give the employee immediate indication of how recently the hrc fusere tested condition and same has been mention with date this allows theemployee the ability to assess the re testing status of the hrc fuse. identification difficulty between used and re tested hrc fuse non standard practice re tested hrc fuse performance not possible to monitor due to unavailability re tested hrc label difficulty to limit the no of reuse of same hrc fuse. use of re tested hrc fuse labels to indicate the date of testing and condition of the hrc fusethat has been mentioned in the label re tested hrc fuse labels give the employee immediate indication of how recently the hrc fusere tested and condition and same has been maintained with date this allows theemployee the ability to assess the re testing status of the hrc fuse for the electrical system shall be maintained in a legible conditionand kept current be sure labels are updated with the most recent test date andcondition of re tested hrc fuse.
transformer oil leaks using proven injection process. colttechnicians have repaired thousands of transformer oil leaks using proveninjection process the repairs are completed while the leak is activeand in many cases are done with the unit energized all repairs guaranteed for two years repair process has been used to successfully repair over13 000 various types of oil and gas leaks no welding or epoxies most repairs completed with unit in service sealants meet dielectric and equipment compatibilityrequirements ref to the above we can try one of our cases at site or scrape to evaluate the benefit. transformer oil leaks. colt technicians have repaired thousands of transformer oil leaks using proven injection process the repairs are completed while the leak is active and in many cases are done with the unit energized all repairs guaranteed for two years repair process has been used to successfully repair over 13 000 various types of oil and gas leaks no welding or epoxies most repairs completed with unit in service sealants meet dielectric and equipment compatibility requirements ref to the above we can try one of our cases at site or scrape to evaluate the benefit.
dewa transport for pick up drop of employees. common transport direct or by following some routes can be arranged for pick up drop of employees with cost sharing by the users. non availability of sufficient parking space at office compound area usage of large area for parking increasing traffic in dubai road aggregated individual fuel consumption is big amount low graded employees are burdened with personal vehicle. common transport arrangement for dewa employees al hudaiba and al dewa office to from major residential and dewa accommmodation areas.
provide feedback to unsuccessful job candidates. duringmy training last week certified competency based interviewprofessionalism the training stated that giving feedback to the candidatewill help him know where his strengths and weaknesses points and to improvehis skills while attending the next interview if it is in dewa or outside dewa. duringthe interview at dewa the interviewee is not giving feedback to the candidate. feedbackcan be given to the rejected candidate after the interview either verbally orby an email and it can be included in the hr format if applicable as a tick box.
during warranty maintenance nods rectification schedule. to include in our 132 11kv substation ftk project its contracts a clause to force the contractor contractually to submit and update an action plan of attending the nods once he received one this action plan shall be updated once nod is issued to the contractor and the contractor shall prepare his resources in accordance to this plan in accordance with the contractor its compliance with the plan he shall be evaluated accordingly. we have a lot of pending nods with the contractors during warranty and thats due to his non readiness resources and his carelessness the contractor will start pushing dewa to clear the nod points one month before the dlcc due date ! dewa will not know when exactly the nod will be clear due to the contractor non readiness. a clause shall be added to our contract document which force the contractor to clear all the nods based on a proper action plan.
pink parking. as we all knows that first row of parking area is for ladies but some of new employees or visitiors from other branches don t know that so i suggest that ladies parking lines should be paint by a pink colour. ladies parking area used by men. pink lines for parking.
dept location board. the sign boards provided outside the lifts does not help the user as he has to stop the lift at levels where he will find out that he is on the wrong floor which in turn keeps others waiting a location board inside the lifts as attched picture would be much appropriate and helpful to the consumer. most of the time stakeholders visiting the head office stop lifts at all levels to find out the departments locations where they have an appointment as the signs are located outside of the lifts thus making people wait at other floors. to provide a signboard inside the lifts showing floor locations of all departments.
idea generation from non nt user. to invite encourage and facilitate idea generation and creative thinking from dewa staff non nt user who do not have privilege or access to dewa online internet facilities the essence or primary objective of this suggestion is to spread andpromote the culture of innovation and creative thinking across the completespectrum of dewa staff. my dewa idea seems to be wholly an online internet tool and channel for inviting ideas only from dewa staff having networked computer non nt user amongst dewa staff apparently might not have the opportunity to participate in my dewa idea scheme they do not have an appropriate supporting channel mechanism procedure to submit their creative ideas and suggestions. to consider having a dedicated ideas coordinator in every dewa department for the purpose of promoting nurturing and facilitating a culture of innovation and creative thinking amongst dewa its non nt user staff category even if that would mean inviting inputs from them through pen and paper method later on the collected inputs data be promptly and systematically entered or migrated into the my dewa idea system my dewa idea team to fact find and brainstorm with the respective division and department heads and make this a viable proposition.
appreciation to department head. provide a tool that department employees can appreciate department head for his her efforts.  most of the times department heads is sending or providing appreciation to their employees through different ways award email letter etc for their efforts and achievements my suggestion is to provide a tool that department employees can appreciate department head for his her efforts this tool will be electronic so that a link will be sent to employees and employees will place their name in the link then the appreciation letter will be generated and sent to department head by email with all employees names example of the appreciation certificate is attached where employees names are placed in the certificate this appreciation can be generated once or twice a year.
staff application. design a staff application where they can access their portal website to view or apply a request. my portal dewa is only accessible in dewa pcs. design a staff application where they can access their portal website to view or apply a request.
dewa machine. provide a machine in the malls and public places likeetisalate machine dubai police which allow the customer check there billsand pay to encourage them to go for smart. rush on dewa customer service centers few people are using the smart services dewa web site. check the out standing pay their bills rase a complain follow the complaint state us.
mind mapping for each division in dewa related to their operational plan. during strategy cascading each division should draw their operational plan in a mind mapping format and display it in freejna an easy way to understand each divison role. read the description. read the description.
station doors blocked by cars business materials. providing tow away stickers in front of mv stations for preventing people from parking their cars or installing business materials etc blocking access to stations. it is common to see the public parking their cars or nearby shops displaying business materials on the mv substation doors as a result access to the station will turn difficult. dewa should provide a sticker that mentioning that any object blocking free access to the door will be towed away and will result in fines along with the no parking sticker.
jcc job cycle check a technique to achieve sustainability through improving reliability and safety standards. in line withdewa its vision contributing to sustainability of our equipment and system byimproving the reliability and safety standards through jcc job cycle check a technique popularly used in petrochemical industry. at present there is no or insufficient authenticated verification of procedures with practices so thereare some chances that u something which is written in procedures but actually notdoing in practice and or u something which is not written in procedures but actuallydoing it this type of mismatch between procedure andpractice will result is poor overall effectiveness of maintenance for exampleconsider state of procedure is ninety percent and state of implementation is seventy percent thenover all effectiveness of procedure on equipment system is sixty three percent this means that onlygood procedure is not sufficient to achieve better reliability effectiveimplementation is also essential this poor effectiveness leads to lowreliability and poor safety compliance and put our equipment and staffs atrisk recently i came to know a classic examplerelated to this in one substation transformer was tripped not a componentfailure which was maintained just before four months there may be more caseslike these which have nods or malfunctions within few months of r m thisclearly indicates either our procedures are not sufficient or we are notproperly following them. there is a reliability and safety improvementtechnique called jcc job cycle check is available to identify the mentionedrisk and to mitigate the same through eliminating mismatch between proceduresand practices jcc is a systematic assessment of fieldpractices against written procedures to identify opportunities for improvement it is subjective as well as objective assessment checklist based and it is acontinuous refinement process so it helps to achieve objective ofsustainability and improving reliability as well as safety standards.
new method to locate cable faults. when a power distribution cable fails many gases are produced by the burning insulation detection of the highest levels of these gases gives an accurate location of the fault. long time to pinpointing the cable fault location high cost of many times of excavations. the cable sniffer device will sniffs out that gases and by comparing the concentration of gases at different locations provides an accurate method of fault location this can dramatically reduce the number of excavations required.
enhancement of overtime system in sap cat2. hr training team may be advisedto enter staff training hours for official working time instead of full day staff training update is being done by hr team and updated as full day training instead of official working time due to updation full day training of concerned staff we are unable to enter concerned staff overtime in sap if he performed overtime on that day we have been facing this issue since long time. staff overtime details can not be updated in sap cat2 after training of official working time. hr training team may be advised to enter staff training hours for official working time instead of full day.
condition based maintenance system. the current practice of planned outages for routine maintenance for distribution substation equipments can be replaced by condition based monitoring there by improving the planed cml. our current practice is routine maintenancefor transformers rmu and other equipment it is a major addition to plannedcml. if we implementcondition based monitoring there is no requirement for checking each and everyequipment in a routine based manner for example for condition based monitoringof transformer we can evaluatethe health of the transformer bushings cooling fans and pumps load tapchangers ltc core temperatures and dissolved gases of its substationtransformers the system consists of sensors placed at strategic locationsphysically on the transformer main tank high voltage bushings and the ltc withthe data transmitted to a central monitor mounted adjacent to each transformer from there the data is transported via gateways to back office analyticsoftware configured to generate alerts and send notifications with varyinglevels of criticality.
serving with heart the name for the annual gala dinnerer two thousand and sixteen. the heart mean the love friendly integrity professionalism etc. lack of happiness. serving with heart the name for thr annual gala dinnerer two thousand and sixteen.
standardisation of date format. date setting andusage in dewa its communication and correspondence system to follow and complywith one standard norm either day month year or month day year. we come across both the formats in practice at times an elementof uncertainty is aroused which in turn calls for needless investigation intothe aspect just for figuring out and determine the correct date as intended to be. set an organisation level guideline for compliance to the standard dateformat and thereof consistency in its usage.
health index and risk assesment for 400 132 kv lines circuits cable ohl cable ohl. it is very important for utilities to assess thecondition of their lines or circuits particularly for their older circuits the health index of an asset is a figure which reflects its condition the design of health index requires three steps finding the factors which affect link performance grading the link characteristics for every factor estimating the relative importance of factors these factors can be distributed in two maincategories one electrical issues two maintenance similarly it is very important for the utilities to assess the risk for each line risk assesment is based on following factors environmental impact safety issues potential short circuit or fault levels of each circuit circuit importance regulatory and service supply standards obsolescence issues with design future requirements for the circuit by combining the results of the chi with the cra utilitiescan set priorities for repair replacement work on the different lines circuitsthat are part of their network. presently we don t have any standard criteria for the assesment of our lines. circuit health index and circuit risk assesment will help us for the assesment of our assests lines.
provide internal short modular technical training presentations to graduate trainees to enhance complement their learning and develop faster immersion to the work activities of the department. providing short trainings to gt on the work activites of the department and making them conduct their own presentations after will enhance faster immersion to the work activities thus improving the time required to increse the productivity of new dewa personnel. as most of the graduate trainees are fresh from school and is new to the utility environment the adjustment period to be engage to the work activities in the department normally takes longer time this is not really a problem but an opportunity to improve the time required for a graduate trainee to learn develop required work activities to support the departments goals and objectives and participate in meeting the key performance indicators. technical and managerial staff within the department will prepare and present training modules presentation relevant to the work activities of the department to the graduate trainees during departmental meetings or agreed schedule graduate trainees will also prepare and present presentation relevant to topics and or work activities assigned.
new gis field ppr no to be made available in the gis for approved projectparameter report components this field will remain during the tendering construction commissioning operation maintenance until the decommissioningof the said asset. the new field ppr no will be available from the birth of the asset in the gis until its death meaning it can be track all the way from start to finish this will have strong implication in the different processes utilizing the gis. difficulty is encountered in tracking status monitoring of approved project parameter reports being issued by water transmission department. implementation of inclusion of new gis field ppr no will be a good tool to monitor track the status of approved project parameter reports being issued by water transmission department.
digitization of affection plans allocated for dewa facilities. digitization of affection plans allocated for dewa facilities. the affection plans granted to dewa for water facilities are currently in hard copies only and is kept in a single folder this is not advisable because the files are original copies and can be easily damaged or lost. for a better way to keep the files in order and well kept we will scan and save the affection plans in our shared folder for us to access the file name of the plans will be in line with our master plan for better tracking the scanned copies will also be available anytime for our department and any other departments.
maintain a technical library in generation division. we can maintain a good technical library in our generation division it should contain subject related journals technical hand books encyclopaedias equipment data sheets plant operation and maintenence mannuals and many more this will help us to maintain a good technical knowledge in subjects we are handling. some times even experts will get stuck in some problems he can find the answer from the internet but the relaibility ? some time even the internet will not guide us properly the new employees in dewa are not getting a total techincal orentation as they are getting the information from there colleagues and which is incomplete. alocate a room in l admin depute a person from hr to maintain the registers and books coordinate with all departments to collect operation and maintenance mannuals technical books etc invite people to contibute books to the library purchase technical hand books journals related to latest technologies.
motivation for water conservation. to use this video clip as a catalyst to convince andmotivate the consumers for water conservation if an animal is prudent in use of water why not human. water consumption rate is one of the highest in the region. use the attached video clip to propagate motivate theconsumers to use water wisely.
monthly pumping stations load capacity monitoring. toregularly monthly conduct transmission pumping station load vs capacityanalysis to identify actual localized growth and need of any proposed transmissionpipe line or pumping station capacity upgrade each pumping station will beanalyzed if there are changes in the supplied area or growth in demand of theexisting supplied area major operational changes both temporary and permanentwill also be look at chart showing comparison between previous and currentyear pump discharge will be generated for easy visual analysis of the changesin the pump behavior a criteria will be developed which will be used as basisto decide when a pumping station upgrade will be initiated through a ppr. there are sudden unforseen localized growth in water demand which will not be captured by our demand forecast since we are doing the forecast in global level. to regularly monthly conduct transmission pumping station load vs capacity analysis to identify actual localized growth and need of any proposed transmission pipe line or pumping station capacity upgrade monthly report will be generated for the management.
tp sports day athletic competition to be included. as part of sports day activity conducting by tp management athletic competition like running 100m 200mm etc short jump long jum shotput to be included in the event in addition to other sports activity. no athletic event activites conducted in sports day. athletic activities to be included in tp sports day activity.
staff and designation display name. there should be staff name and designation display name for dewa staff to easy find employees. as due to huge no of staff in division or dept it becomes difficult to find employee and waste time and effort to reach right person. one staffing layout map at the entrance of each division dept with display of each staff seating place 2 at each staff desk there should be name and designation of employee.
vehicle air pump not available at warsan. any vechicle inflated tyre. vehicle air pump not available. air pump available helping reaching to the nearest repair center.
posting sheikh zayed bin sultan al nahyan quotes. posting sheikh zayed bin sultan al nahyan may his soul rest in peace quotes on the punching machine wall quotes related to reminding employees of the importance of national identity and how hard our ancestors worked to build this nation and developed it quotes may be changed every month. we need to be reminded about motivational quotes from our leaders to revive our national identity and to encourage us to excel in our work to develop this nation and generations to come. we need to be reminded about motivational quotes from our leaders to revive our national identity and to encourage us to excel in our work to develop this nation and generations to come.
sms option in the ticket devise. create an sms option in the ticket devise queuing machine. in most of the customerservice offices when the costumer takes the ticket he only knows the numberof costumers before him in the queue but he doesn t know the exact timerequired to serve those costumers practically people aregetting bored while waiting in waiting areas but if they know the exact timewhich required to serve them they might go wait in their vehicles or theymight go to nearby areas to finish some work. an approximate time to be mentioned in the ticket and an option to be created in ticket devise to send a sms to the costumers to inform them that they will be served after specific period of time.
dewa values knowledge fair. got a lot of information to share with a whole lot of people? think an interactive presentation would be the ideal way to share your knowledge of a specific subject? then it may be useful to organize a knowledge fair. got a lot of information to share with a whole lot of people? think an interactive presentation would be the ideal way to share your knowledge of a specific subject? then it may be useful to organize a knowledge fair in our idea we will take dewa values as the theme that require attention. a knowledge fair is designed to present information on a chosen theme you can use several technical means to present your information to the target group our employees they include showcases panels scale models and kiosks you can also have all kinds of demonstrations and presenters.
arabic language day. conduct arabic language day by annualy and this aimed at bringing about shared values and strengthening the ideas ambition culture and values.  conduct arabic language day by annualy in order to share the values and ideas.
individual social responsibility isr. encouraging and recognising isr individual social responsibility by awarding socially responsibile employees. lack of encouragement of isr individual social responsibility. as we all know csr is corporate social responsibility except the finance part csr would not be possible without encouraging andrecognising isr individual social responsibility we can setup a reward and recognition program to honour the individuals who participate and fulfills isr isr is not only about one committing acts of charity two working for the communities whereyou have material interest these only form part of isr which is a broader concept that can be manifested through action as below 1 philanthropic behaviour of an individual two the campaigner volunteer and activist instinct in the individual that picks up and supports issues affecting the society three the above two coupled with an individual being ethical integrity honesty in his her outward dealings isr is at the roots of csr because a corporate comprises of individuals and hence determines the social responsibility culture it follows if isr becomes way of life of every staff csr becomes inbuilt in the organisation culture.
smart q smart queue management system. customers can use their smart phones to obtain a ticket. area of improvement queue management system. customers can use their smart phones to obtain a ticket in addition to the existing touch screen koisk no need to stand at reception in que customer will receive a text notification shortly before their turn arrives.
inclusion of blood group in the dewa indentity card. individual blood group included in the dewa identity card acts as quick reference for a medical team in times of any medical emergency. as and when medical emergency arises it becomes very much necessary to have vital data relating to the individual like blood group allergic to any drug if any. by having such critical data inclusion in the dewa employee identity card it becomes ready reference for medical team and prompt action can be taken.
walaa dhirham. create a fund box to support the family of martyrs and injured and this fund will be continued to be served as a recovery in emmergency cases if it would happen. inexpected and unprecedented risks. add an option in my portal where employee will chose the amount that would be deducted on monthly basis bearing in mind that the monthly deduction could be stopped if the employee wish to do so.
arabic language training method. 1 threecommonly used arabic words to be shared through email on daily basis with the meaning usage and the pictures 2 conductan online test on the weekly basis as per the total shared words 3 continuethis test for one month total four tests 4 select30 people for further class room training 5 offeran attractive rewards for the outstanding performance of 1st 2nd and 3rdpositions. un availability of oppurtunity to learn arabic language for non arabic speakers. please read the idea description.
secondary substation auxilliary supply by solar power. all auxiliary supply including the supply for dsa panels in secondary substation especially pk substations shall be powered from solar panels on top of kiosk. additional feeder in lvdb occupy extra spaces leads to congestion especially in pocket substation lvdb its. all auxiliary supply including the supply for dsa panels shall be powered from solar panels.
improving hv and mv topology in spectrum. to add develop data and information in hv high voltage topology and mv medium voltage topology in spectrum. while analyzing and executing operations in spectrum both hv and mv diagram should be opened at the same time as some data which are available in hv diagram are not available in mv diagram some data might be added to enhance the operation. data and information to be added in mv topology 1 cb rack in out indication 2 feeder head tag and note box which are in hv topology 3 total number of priority stations in each feeder up to ring off with the category p1 p2 p3 data and information to be added in hv topology 1 ring off station of each feeder 2 total number of priority stations in each feeder up to ring off with the category p1 p2 p3.
shuhada alwatan. initiative to commemorate uae martyrs in generation division inline with all initiatives announced in uae by changing generation division auditorium name from l station auditorium to shuhada alwatan auditorium. generation division is the important place in uae and dubai and a place which receive several delegation from uae and outside hence the division should expressed the pride and show the loyalty and belonging to uae to commemorate the uae martyrs. change generation division auditorium name from l station auditorium to shuhada alwatan auditorium.
learn about arabic language and culture through songs stories and conversation. freejna we can include one page like lets learn arabic this is another frameworkto enjoy arabic in that page should be contain all the arabic alphabets numbers daily usage words small conversation small stories and popular meaningfulsongs with lyrics above all with english translation and pronunciations this page will helpnon arabic speakers to love and learn arabic music connects across culturesand can break down barriers songs are also useful tools in the learning of vocabulary theimportant advantage of arabic songs is that they reflect the culture of thearabic language learning the lyrics of a song helps people to expand theirvocabulary and teach them some slang typical phrases.  the best way to motivate non arabic dewa staffs to love the arabic language and help them to learn as well.
pc based interactive tutorials. tocreate user friendly pc based tutorials about different departments of pandwp in order to familiarizenew joiners about each department functions and interaction with otherstakeholders. when new joiners come they need to be aware of different departments functions and their interaction with other stakeholders and this takes time and effort from existing employees and it is easy to forget the given information if not recorded properly by the new joiner. develop a computerized user friendly tutorials for each department.
conservation of paper and printing. to become paper less offices we have to take steps to reduce ourconsumption of paper and increase efficiency at work to save time money andresources. u it takes more than 1 cups of water to makeone sheet of paper u around ninety three percent of paper comes from trees however every tree produces enough oxygen for three people to breathe further trees that protect the planet fromfurther global warming u fifty percent of the waste of businesses is composedof paper. 1 to allot a fixed number of papers for each employee per month to be used for printing and not to be exceeded 2 to monitor the amount of paper used for prining by each employee if it exceeds the alloted amount email is sent to the employee 3 a monthly report is created and forwarded to the division enviroment coordinator for action.
improve dewa its image and consumer satisfaction by utilizing new dewa its smart systems. dewa has launched many new initiatives for smart systems applications such as the international program sap which is includes four key projects one of them is barq project which is for new connections and handling technical complaints also smart meter system is under implementation as part of this project the information of connectivity for any meters customers to dewa electrical network from lv feeders up to 132kv substations level will be available as a result the affected customers meters from any forced un planned interruption outage of electrical service will be known if it is happened at any level from 132kv substation up to lv feeder level therefore my suggestion is to send an apologizing email or sms to the customer consumer for this interruption with mentioning that dewa is working on improving the service and preventing like this interruption in future this suggestion will improve customer its satisfaction and dewa its image as a sustainable innovative world class utility. the affected consumer meters from any forced un planned interruption outage of electrical service will be disappointed which will decrease consumer satisfaction and then affect dewa its image. my suggestion is to send an apologizing email or sms to the consumer for this interruption with mentioning that dewa is working on improving the service and preventing like this interruption in future by using new capabilities feature of new smart systems applications.
developing drrg noc assessment checklist in distributionplanning. prepare checklist to insure the availability of all requirementswhich are necessary for drrg noc assessment the engineer shall comply withall items in check list before final approval. missing data for drrg noc assessment cases. prepare checklist to insure the availability of all requirements which are necessary for drrg noc assessment the engineer shall comply with all items in check list before final approval.
to include complete details of one hundred and thirty two kv idle cables in gis. the existing details of the idle 132kv cable circuits as per gis are incomplete requires update to include all relevant details in coordination with transmission power divsion and pandwp division. idle cirucuits are not properly included in the new project parameter reports as appropriate due to the shortage of details in the gis. if all the required and complete details of idle cable circuits in the gis it can be properly included in the ppr and later variation order revision of pprs could be avoided.
section process manual. to describe work process and details of sections work responsibilities all sections process manuals can be collected together in departement its process manual such manuals can be updated yearly. work responsibilities sometimes can overlap between sections and departements which can cause conflicts and duplicate work. process manual for each section in the departement to draw limits and responsibilities for each section to avoid conflicts and waste of time.
enhancement of project parameter report ppr for 132 11kv substation. the directions of 132kv and 11kv cables from new 132 11kv substations are to be included in the project parameter report ppr to transmission power division hence a new drawing showing 132kv cable corridors along with 11kv corridors around the 132 11kv substation plots shall be included in the ppr. currently the in out of 132kv and 11kv cables from 132 11kv substation plots are not shown in the ppr which may lead to delay in the design tendering execution of the substation. pandwp division to coordinate with project developers consultants and finalize approve the orientation layout of 132 11kv substation plot with in out cables accordingly to include a drawing in the ppr showing the directions of 132kv cable corridors along with 11kv corridors around the 132 11kv substation plot.
improve design proposal check list by adding one hundred and thirty two kv ss layout. in network design department adding in the check list for the design proposal under area map section for any design require new feeder from one hundred and thirty two kv ss attach layout of one hundred and thirty two kv showing the outgoing ducts to ensure the appropriate route for the outgoing eleven kv feeders. outgoing ducts effect the cable length. attach one hundred and thirty two kv layout showing outgoing ducts and indicated in the check list.
forming project management committee team members in each division of dewa. team members will be responsible about spreading the knowlegde of pm theories practices applications to make every singel person a ware of the sence of project management. performance of implications of the best practices to maintaine the work process not comply always with the standards which creates some descripancies in the work flow system. making sure that the work process of each division complies with the standards and proceedures of pm where performance and quality of the service can automatically increase.
area report check list. prepare check list which summerize the preperation steps. while preparing area report concerned staff miss some times to update add some information electrical and site survey information which may affect accuracy of report and accordingly outcomes of report. to creat a check list contains each step item for preperation of area report which is prepared by network design and distribution infarastructur departments.
replacing recessed manhole covers in substations with flush type covers. during civil electrical maintenance works we have to open the underground manhole covers for inspection and maintenance during this time most of the ocassions quite a bit of time is consumed trying to open the heavy jammed recessed type covers usually recess filled with interlock concrete where as the flush type manhole covers are pretty easier to open so changing all to flush type for future constructions would prove beneficial and save time during maintenance. due to the recessed covers being filled with either interlock or concrete pavers during periodic maintenance it becomes difficult to lift the covers also the sand gets jammed on the sides there by making it time consuming and tedious to carry out underground maintenance works. replace all future construction manholes which are proposed with recessed cover with flush type cover.
smart 3d interactive lab. prepare and establish a smart 3d interactive lab this lab to be equiped with 3d screen 3d glasses goisteck where we can preprepare a software for any electrical equipment used in dewa system which then can be uploaded to simulate that equipment. this lab can be used for many reasons trainings fault simulations presentations and competency tests where sometimes its difficult or impossible to do all these activities on site or workshop due to inaccessibility or space limitations. prepare and establish a smart 3d interactive lab this lab to be equiped with 3d screen 3d glasses goisteck where we can preprepare a software for any electrical equipment used in dewa system which then can be uploaded to simulate that equipment this idea is on line with one of dewa strategic goals which is enabling smart city.
personality test. noone can deny that successful organization are having an effective communicationmethodology hence communication is playing a critical role towardorganization improvements in all aspects and levels such as change management hrm finance process management inorder to enhance the effectiveness of communication in dewa i suggest to helpemployees conducting personality typology surveys and share the results of personalitytypes among staff within the same division isuggest also to implement this practice for all team work and committees andto be added in team work and committees approach thiswill help to understand each other its and avoid conflicts and enhance emotionalintelligence among staff moreover transmission commissioning department started the survey in two thousand and twelve. lack of communication that effect negatively the change management conflicts in teams and committees. be aware about other personalities traits and caracteristics by conducting the personality type.
internal work plan iwp for distribution master plan. the purpose of iwp is to define clear borders of all processes and resposibilities during preparation of distribution master plan dmp along with agreed time plan for issuance of final report. avoid probable delay and ensuring issuance of dmp within divisional kpi. define a new frame work guideline which is iwp between all relevant departments in distribution planning those have contribution in preperation of dmp this will ensure issuance of dmp within divisional kpi and avoid any delay.
improving safety procedures by conducting frequent periodic safety tool talk. before leaving to substation work tool talk safety topic should be assigned to each and every employee on periodic basis no matter whether senior staff or junior staff because in this way many safety standard operating procedure can be quickly uderstood and followed to make the working enviornment safe. number of hazards are not assessed causing serious types of injuries fatalities and huge losses in form of man power assets and equipments. 1 differentiation between hazard and risk 2 assessment of risk and hazards 3 following safety procedures against the daily assigned tasks at substations 4 conducting a short breif abd precise safety tool meeting among each section on daily basis for fifteen to twenty minutes.
dewa challenges platform. to porvide a platform and list of challenge its and prize its in which various dewa divisions dept are facing these include technical human capital and creative competitions where dewa seeks innovative solutions from its stakeholders bringing the best ideas and talent together to solve mission centric problems or challanges. sometimes dewa faces challanges and problems in which it struggels in solving them. to porvide a platform and list of challenge its and prize its in which various dewa divisions dept are facing these include technical human capital and creative competitions where dewa seeks innovative solutions from its stakeholders bringing the best ideas and talent together to solve mission centric problems or challanges.
oil samples through sap system. implement sap system for collecting testing of oil samples from transformers and reactors the process to be include purpose of collecting samples types of test test results and recommendation. to improve collecting testing of oil samples process. implement sap system for collecting testing of oil samples from transformers and reactors the process to be include purpose of collecting samples types of test test results and recommendation.
before and after. send periodic emails to all staff showing some creative ideas implemented in dewa with the status before and after the implementing. no real examples and effects of creative ideas implemented in dewa are shared with staff. one of the ways to motivate people to submit creative ideas is to show real examples of the effect and result of the idea by showing before and after implementation of the idea my suggestion is to send periodic emails to all staff showing some creative ideas implemented in dewa with the status before and after the implementing so that the employee will know the real effect of the idea.
use smart technology to supervise and monitor project during execution phase. use smart technology to monitor and check project during executionphase. one difficult to take photos during site inspection because ofsite condition under construction site as a result of that monitor site condition and work progress will be effected two lost time due to traffic jam and long destination ex hattaprojects. one install camers connected with wifi to check site condition on office instead of visiting site 2 use robot plane to check site conidition and take the required photos from different views.
dress code shoes. to provide dress code shoes to farash messengers. it has been physically observed that many farrash messengers arewearing the ordinary chaple sandels or casual shoes with dewa provideduniforms since authority is providing the uniforms with governmentlogo and dewa logo to all farrash messenger and as per their nature of jobthey are also visiting outside dewa offices which is not appropriate withcasual chaple shoes and not presenting the good image of dewa. it is suggested to provide the one pair of dress code shoes toall the farrash messengers of the authority along with the uniforms.
new presentation of data to develop and enhance thequality of distribution master plan. 1 introducea new key statistics table in the beginning of chapter one executive summery to include statistical data about dewa power system 2 adding new chart to dmp to indicate historical loading of 132kv and 33kvmain substations to show the contribution of both type of substations in peakload that will reflect the progress and success of dewa strategy to phase outthe 33kv system and increase the reliability of power supply 3 to change the presentation of area status built uc and vacant fromdetailed table to lovely pie chart. thepresentation of data is not attractive in some parts of distribution master plandocument. to enhance organize the presentation wayof distribution master plan document wherever applicable and improve iteffectively.
cell for the accumulated late punching minutes. adding new cell in myportal time related processes daily clock in out time to display the accumulated late attendance in minutes per month total late minutes. in each month every employee shall calculate manually the accumulated late attendance in minutes day by day! which may lead to some mistakes hence receiving reminders from hr. adding new cell in myportal time related processes daily clock in out time to display the accumulated late attendance in minutes per month automatic calculation which will eliminate the human errors hence no reminder will come from the hr in this regard.
adding formula in net saving form sheet to calculate estimate cost of the cable that will be charge to the party customer. a new formula will be added on the net saving form sheet to calculate the estimate cost. problem was faced on calculating the estimated cases because of the change of the estimate policy from mdl to tcl to calculating the cost of cable before it was based on maximum demand load and now with new policy it was changed to be based on percentage of total connected load. prepare formula ratio substation capacity ring capacity this ratio will be multiply with cable length to provide the actual cost of the cable that party should pay as per the new estimate policy based on percentage of total connected load.
yearly renewal of undertaking letters by customers in lieu of consumption security deposit. at present billingservices department has undertaking letters against security deposit from majororganizations and from landlords in landlord service accounts which are old datedand the physical record retrieval is very difficult for previous five to ten years scan copies of these letters is not avaible in sap system i am suggestingto introduce yearly renewal system of undertaking letters security deposit section should review the accounts where undertaking letterstatus is active and send intimation letter to the customers for renewing theirundertaking letter or pay the security deposit. it is very difficult to retrieve the old dated record of undertaking letters for last five to ten years difficult for deposit section and recovery section staff to approach the customers who provided the undertaking letter 5 10 years back and ask for payment of outstanding in cases of default. security deposit section staff should generate a list of all accounts where undertaking letter is updated against security deposit the list to be reviewed and wherever security deposit collection is required notices to be sent to customers for payment of deposit vip customers and organizations where the undertaking letter is acceptable as per dewa its rules and regulation they should be intimated through letters to renew their undertaking letter on annual basis a scan copy of the renewed undertaking letter when recived to be store in sap system in respective account.
translate all hv design approval letter to arabic to contain two languages arabic and english. in order to improve dewa imageand score higher customer satisfaction i suggest toupdate all letters undertakingletters to contain both arabic and english languages ialready started to translate some of these letter we can apply this idea for all sections. we noticed the presence of many arabic customers inquire about the contents of the letters undertaking letters made by dewa due to misunderstanding of some items. translate all letter to contain both languages arabic and english.
dewa school college and university in dubai. dewa can ivest money to set up school college and university talent local and expatriats both students can admit in this university and contribute to dewa and accordingly to dubai. mostof dewa employees are sending their son daughter to other countries for highereducation. dewa employees will not send their son daughter to other countries for higher education.
follow up system. to create follow up system to monitor and track action cases to ensure all dispatched cases within set kpi. document managment system dms is not giving notifications for action cases by calculating deadline etc. to create follow up system to be linked with dms where we can identify action info cases and set deadline for dispatch and enable track monitor and notify.
quiz competition winners. the selection process for awarding the winners of various quiz competions sending through mail can be reviewed by giving chances to win for maximum no of participants and to participate max no of staff. for a no of quiz competions sending through mail the winners are being selected by considring the first entries considering first three entries or first ten entries etc quiz 1st quarter 2015 email 2 pdf for the staff who is working at site or away from the office can participate in the competition only after returning to the office and hence the chances for winning the competion are very less also for the staff working inside the office itself can not participate the competitions immediately if he is buzy with the current job and can participate the competion only after finishing their current jobs. instead of selecting the winners by considering the first entries consider all the correct entries received within one day and if more correct answer entries are available select the winners by lot.
developer master plan check list. prepare a check list for the developer master plan and list all the main items which to be study. to improve quality procedure for departement. ensure all items are checked by concerned staff.
dewa vehicle washing tawasol 14 1131. dirty and muddy dewa vehicles is fading dewa its image of tidiness. most of the dewa vehicles belong to the maintenance offices electricity and water run with dirt and mud in different areas of dubai probably this is because of no chances of vehicle wash in between two fullservices but these dirty and muddy dewa vehicles is fading dewa its image oftidiness they are easily can be noticeable and catches the eyes of public aswell as tourists on the dubai its roads and residential areas. dewa field technicians are agree to clean and wash the dewa vehicle before leaving the office it is less cost effective require only a small shaded wash pit with dewa water and drainage facilities similar example is civil defense of uae civil defense peoples wash the fire fighting vehicles inside the civil defense premises they keep the vehicle clean tidy and shiny because it is their part of duty if possible interim vehicle wash in between full services can be done inside the dewa maintenance offices.
no load test at workshop. no load test can be removed for the used equipment as this information no load losses is not required for old trf and we have many data as example. it is take time and decrease the productivity. no load test can be removed for the used equipment as this information no load losses is not required for old trf and we have many data as example.
promoting healthy life style for staff working in shifts. to conduct a seminar presentation by a qualified health and diet expert to staff working in shift so as to improve their diet and health habits. since shift workers dont have a balance in their routine life they tend to eat sleep and work out at the wrong times for the wrong amount of prescribed time hence you can see them stressed tired and absent minded which will harm both their health and the work environment. a presentation seminar by an expert in the field of diet and healthy life style can identify and give proper awareness and advice to those working in shift how to identify the amount of rest required what to eat and what not to etc etc what kind of excersise to do and for how long all this can be educated to our staff working in shift who is considered to be dewa its most valuble asset.
home based access to my idea portal. apply for my idea from home or through smart devices. during our leave we are unable to post new ideas or interact with other ones. giving home based access online otherwise the access can be given to active users.
do internal audit committee. we have five major wings within do each of them areresponsible for their own internal business process to implement and establishtheir own procedures the idea is to consider all the dept internal process asone do business process for improvement within do we can study and analyze forfurther improvement or simplify the methodology identify close the gaps ifany there is always a chance that we follow things but not properlydocumented as a procedure or guideline etc this committee will serve as a bestpractice within do. identified unidentified gaps in the business process the responsibility and scope of the committee is to read and provide the feedback to enhance the process procedures of the other dept within do. scope of the committee 1 keymembers will be selected from each wing one or two 2 theresponsibility and scope of the member is to read and provide the feedback toenhance the process procedures of the other dept within do 3 everymonth the member will get one procedure of the other dept for enhancement within do 4 thecommittee will meet monthly once to discuss the same advantage 1 gapsidentified 2 properdocumentation of all the process within do 3 buildinga strong team do keeping good relation four clearunderstanding on the other dept procedure and practice 5 issuesidentified and resolved within do tidying.
automation of system load modeling study. system loadmodeling is a study for modeling the content of connected loads todewa its distribution network which the same conducts yearly since this studyrequired large times and efforts from engineering team an automated solution canbe implemented to minimize these spent efforts on execution the study. the yearly conducted system load modeling study is required large times and efforts from engineering team during implementation in addition the base lines for the study is updatable and can be changed frequently since they depend on many variables. anautomated solution can be adopted that can minimize the required time andeffort to accomplish the study in addition this solution will provide a vitalflexibility for accommodating the continuous changes updates in the base linesfor the study.
calculated evacuated power cep. the capacity calculation of 123 11kv substation must take in consideration the cable ampacity for each outgoing feeder in 132 11kv substations in addition to the diversity between peak loads of these feeders the de rating factor for these cables will reflect on the maximum available capacity from the substation however the calculated evacuated power is a new methodology to calculate the maximum expected power that can be evacuated from 132 11kv substation. the anticipated capacity for 132 11 kv substation might not be achieved due to de rating ratio of cables outgoing feeders in addition to the diversity between peak loads of these feeders. to represent the maximum available capacity for 132 11 kv substations a technical approach is suggested to calculate the maximum expected power that can be evacuated from 132 11kvsubstation based on number of outgoing feeders and first leg cable ampacity.
childcare room. as part of dewa its responsibility to customers and similar to most of shopping centres a didecated room can be prepared for ladies customers to take care of their babies while processing heir transactions at dewa offices. unpredicted children needs while outage with mothers. dedicated child care room with diaper coin dispenser.
l station phase 1 gas turbine ensure reliability of water injection system. we know that water injection system is required at certain combustion reference temperature i e ttrf1 around seventy five to eighty mw approximately while machine running on dfo so we have to ensure water injection system healthy to smooth operation while machine got changeover from ng to dfo. we know that purge air is used to purge the water injection nozzle to avoid hot gas coming to the water injection system from combustion chamber while machine operating on ng this purge air is backflowing towards the water injection system due to water injection check valve passing and this air is travelling towards the water injection pump discharge side as well as pump suction side and throughout the denox water discharge line as pressure close to turbine compressor discharge pressure approximately whereas denox water pressure is three bar so water flow is not maintaining because of the air presence in the pump sustion side and consequently water injection system failed while machine got changeover from ng to dfo as a result machine load can not be increased. we know that water is coming to the suction of water injection pump by denox water pump from phase 1 demi plant there is a common manual vent valve of the denox water pump discharge side which is located nearby to hrsg 73 and it is kept normally closed it is observed that dfo tuning failed several times due to water injection system unhealthyness for gt 71 on 07 02 2015 even though water injection pump discharge filter vent kept continuously opened after that we opened denox water common vent valve and too much air come for twenty minutes approximately then water started to come and after that water injection system become healthy and dfo tuning completed successfully so we can replace this common manual vent valve as a auto air vent valve which will allow existing air to vented continuously and water injection system will become almost air free.
arabicword of the day. fact the importance interest of learning arabic language isspreading all over the world suggestion an electronic message may be passed to the staff by putting two max popular daily usage arabic words with english meaning and pronunciationon daily basis this message may be passed to the staff thru email and tvscreen placed near the lift the subject may be used as arabic word of theday. there is no easy method to learn arabic language for dewa staff recently there was email to learn emarati words but no easy facility to learn arabic. an electronic message may be passed to the staff by putting two max popular daily usage arabic words with english meaning and pronunciation on daily basis this message may be passed to the staff thru email and tv screen placed near the lift the subject may be used as arabic word of the day.
filtering implemented ideas. extend the filtration of ideas to implmented ones on weekly basis. could not trace the implemented ideas easily. add implemented ideas filtration in my dewaideas.
address the cost of repair cases to supplier. all the cost of repair requests which damaged by external party to be address to supplier by concern tande or ped or dm or workshop for repair and send it to store since repairing at ws not add value for us as we spend our staff time which is paid by us and then we take the charge from contractor if we ask supplier to do it will save our time to do something else and create space at ws. improvement. all the cost of repair requests which damaged by external party to be address to supplier by concern tande or ped or dm or workshop for repair and send it to store since repairing at ws not add value for us as we spend our staff time which is paid by us and then we take the charge from contractor if we ask supplier to do it will save our time to do something else and create space at ws.
cable divider for mv underground cables. a special cable divider pvc for the underground cables 11 and thirty three kv can fix the problem during cable laying manually fix the pre molded cable divider for every ten meters so that it could prevent the merging up of cables during back filling in cable laying plan the space between the cables are also considered as one of the de rating factor based on the calculations of de rating factors the load is increased across the cable but in the actual case this factor fails because the cables are merged together as shown in the picture. underground power cables are laidwithout any adequate gap hence cable identification and heat dissipation aredifficult the main cause of failure is the heat produced by the cables groupingfactor in the present state the cables carries only sixty percent of the load at somearea so that the problems haven t head up but in case of power demand duringexpo 2020 while the load is increased the heat is increased due to the lackof gap between the cables there by the problem starts. a special cable divider pvc forthe underground cables 11 and thirty three kv can fix the problem during cable layingmanually fix the pre molded cable divider for every ten meters so that it couldprevent the merging up of cables during back filling in cable laying plan thespace between the cables are also considered as one of the de rating factor based on the calculations of de rating factors the load is increased across thecable but in the actual case this factor fails because the cables are mergedtogether as shown in the picture in the present state the cablesare carrying only sixty percent of the actual load except some particular areas for exampleone of the main visions of dubai is expo two thousand and twenty which demands more load as perthe cable laying plan we are capable of increasing the load based on the calculationsof the de rating factors but in reality the cables are merged and there is nosufficient gap between the cables but incase if we increase the load from sixty percentto seventy percent or even more as per the demand it results in elevated level of heat asthe cables are merged the heat dissipation becomes difficult thereby it resultsin failure hence i suggest that this divider could help to maintain the gap between the cables and so the failures could be avoided.
healthy employees are the sign of a healthy organization weight loss challenge. in order to promote employee happiness and create a healthy environment within dewa it would be suggestible to launch a weight loss challenge competition among employees in the teams of 4 5 employees from each department with a target to achieve biggest weight loss collectively within a period of one month. 1 obesityproblems 2 hyper tension. 1 the goal of the competition is to achieve the biggestweight loss collectively 2 formation of team 4 five members from each department 3 the participating team weight shall be checked before thestart of the computation 4 teams to arrange group exercise venues and if possibleaccess to dewa gym 5 after the completion of the set period the teams are tobe reweighed and the team with higher weight loss to be rewarded.
circuit modification. substations feeding from jvil e102 and jvil e109 located in differnt areas seperated by emirates road and far location so ring circuit can modify and can be connected with different base stations as per location wise. during the time of outage more than one engineer required to give outage during occurrence on the basis of base sub station we cannot allocate engineers to that area instead of that need to allocate engineers as per locationwise from different subzone and it may leads to supply restoration delay both dfo and dcc staff shoul remember this station number always ss4661 lost city area in this ring connected to du near to lstc 132 11kv substation when there is outage or occurrence in this ring the above consumer need tap adjustment of transformer which will increase the work man hours and will reduce the equipment aging six nos substation inside millitary camp near dip 1 and access problem is there three nos station belongs to etisalat and pmt two hundred and fifty five belongs to defence communication dept gardn of discovery area. if circuit modified as per the locationwise will be more convenient for opeartion wise and consumer will be more satisfied because of minimum restoration time and less ohl voltage drop and can avoid the minimum interruption time to the consumer ss4661 for tap raise lower can give dedicated ring to millitary area may reduce the interruption time to other consumer in this ring due to access problem ref tawasol suggestion 14 2074 submitted on 06 08 2014.
help customer to have control over their consumption smart meter reading. there should be an option online where customer can check their electricty or water usage any time during the month whenever they want which can make them keep a track of there usage. at time users customers don t come to know if their usage is high or not and continue using the utilities the way they use and when they recive the bill they get a shock. a service by which a customer can have access to their meter from home to check their usage live by loging in in his account and checking the meter usage this way customer can keep a track of his usage and act accordingly the service can be called smart meter reading.
ormazabal rmu easy gas pressure reading checking for safety and accuracy. to remove the clear cover made of plastic infront of sf6 gas pressure indicator in ormazabal rmu. this clear cover made of plastic material after sometime became blurred and its making it difficult for operation to quickly check the status of the gas pressure inside the rmu and if there is no adequate light and we will use the torch the light gets refracted making it more for the gas pressure indicator to see. removed it during routine maintenace if not safe to remove during live condition or if safe to remove without interruption request the neccessary organization to remove it specially the aging one its or replaced it with new one ive seen some ormz rmu at site with this cover already remove and while doing operation its easier to see specially at night whether safe or not safe to operate.
mixed projectized organization chart. combining the current funcitonal organization chart with a projectized organization chart to create a smoother process for projects and improve communication and teamwork amongst engineers from different departments. see attachment for indepth study current functional organization chart requires long internal approval times as each task must go through multiple levels of approval while employees lack the common objective of succesfully delivering a project as each engineer is not fully aware of the goals of other departments and is restricted to their departmental scope only communication breakdowns are common meaning that departments might not be fully aware of project activities for example ted might not be aware of a financial contractual issue while ptd might not be getting real time actual site progress. see attachment for an indepth study creating dedicated independent teams for each project which especially includes engineers from the ptd ted and tcd with full decision making authorities in their respective field reporting directly to the project manager for all project related activities engineers would report to their functional managers for their departmental tasks such as updating specifications attendance control etc but to the project manager for all tasks related to the project such as drawing approvals or inspections engineers with their project manager should be seated in the same location to further improve and speed up communication.
hr training kpi monitor and control through hr personals. to improve the participation in hr trainings and avoid gap in communications to remind the people through sms on individual its mobile while including the nominator and section incharge as a reminder will certainly improve the participations and improve the attendance in trainings and avoid absentism hence will maintain this kpis. nominator recieves mail reminders from hr dept which he forwords to concers section plant incharge this is having somtimes posiibilities to miss to view their mails by these incharge in time may be due to any reasons plant work ingagements etc either some time missed by nominator to remind these section incharges. once the individual had been informed by hr personal through sms on their mobiles along with the nominators and section its incharge this communication gap can be elminated to the greatest extent and hence the kpis for hr trainings related matters can be controlled and can be fullfilled.
visible signage its creativity lab 2015. identification signage at worksite. sections in fd are not propely labeled causing people to walk in and out looking for certain sections causing disturbance to other employees. reduce disturbance among fd employees so they can complete their work smoothly helps fd employees manage their time better performance work will be more professional and effective.
unknown soldier nomination. uknown soldier nomination should rely mainly on his contribution to innovation. nomination is not based mainly on innovation. nominate innovative employee from grade eight and below for unknown soldier award.
smart branch. all counter should removed and replaced with smart ipad so customer can applying all services will be self service. to be more profissional on services. replacment of servicse counters with smart ipad which make the customer serving there self with helping from some employes to be famillers with the new service.
major project single interface. create single window to access entire project information using sap crm production system create single data base to have unique reliable source of information. the information about single project are scattered among different locations and data base this make the overview and reporting issue very difficult and time consuming. therefore a web page interface based on sap crm production system can be used to centralized the information and the process as shown in the attachment.
final bill rectification. final bill sms sent to customers is mentioning the sap premises number 00600953 which is not shown on dewa bills instead dewa premise number should be shown eg 1141219. customers are receiving sms or emails for final bill mentioning sap premise and not dewa premise number which is confusing to customers. final bill sent through sms and emails should contain account number and premise legacy number and not sap premise number.
encourage community services. to set a target for all fd to take place in community service which should be at least one day pe year e g helping at a hospital schools mosques public library etc. many people are not intrigued to contribute to the community or and not enthused. to spread awareness to the importance of crs and giving back to the society.
smart notifications on smart meters. the idea is to develop a notifiction feature can be called smart notificaiton in dewa smart meters that can send notificaton when the electricity or water is disconnected for no reason these notification can be installed as first stage for old people and people with disabilites and then can be extended to other dewa customers.  to provide more smart services for dewa customers to achieve customers happiness achieving the smart transformation.
re engineering reconnection cases issued from dm and civil defence. consumer who got disconnected due to fire case or from dubai municipality cases are refered to dewa through mailing system and memos however reconnection is done once a clearance letter is issued and handed over to customer either from municipality or civil defence to be handed over to dewa in order for the customer to get reconnected that is a manual procedure that is time consuming for customers and employee. civil defence fire cases and municipality dm cases reconnection are time consuming and not systematic. in line with his highness initiative of open data sap should be able to generate the supply automatically once clearance letter is issued either from dm or civil defence all clearances from other govermental bodies should be generated instatntly into sap.
updating the warranty extension on sap for parts of the eleven and thirty three kv swgr panels. in case of warranty extension for one of the swgr its part i e ct cb vt insulator bushings es relay etc we need to update that on the sap so that all the working parties will be aware of the extension of warranty in case of failure currently it is only regestered on papaers letters from the contractor manufacturer. the warranty extension for the swgr its parts are not updated on sap and thats because it is not created as equipment in sap hence in case of failure the working party will now know that this part of the swgr is covered with warranty. to creat the swgr parts as equipment or sub equipment in sap if this is not possible then to exend the warranty for the whole swgr but there must be a pop out notification to show what is the exact part of the swgr that has a warranty extension.
dewa integration with dubai economic department. i am suggesting to introduce and implement a unified portal one stop customer service for the services of commercial customers trade license renewal issue of ejari and customers registration with dewa currently commercial customers visits 1 dubai economic department ded for initial approval of trade license 2 rera for attestation of ejari tenancy contract 3 visit again ded for issuance of final trade license 4 dewa for move in activation of supply. for above mentioned purpose customers visit four times to government departments which is a lengthy process waste customer time efforts and affects the environment increases traffic rush on roads redundant use of government resources. implementation of a unified portal for three government departments dewa ded and rera will provide the opportunity for customers to complete their transaction at one stop as mentioned below 1 trade license renewal 2 issue of ejari 3 registration with dewa for activation of supply.
brain storming sessions. we need to make brain storming more fun to encourage the staff to involve more and give the best of their ideas so i think we need to make it as a game where we have a small ball with a smiley face on it if possible and everyone will sit in a circle and one of the staff will be in charge of throwing the ball to every person and wright down his idea on a board then everyone will throw the ball to the next person randomly wich will make the session more fun and finally the in charge person will wright down all the ideas on the bored on a paper and everyone will sign it for future refrence.
departments strategy two thousand and twenty one awarness poster leaflet. i suggest that every department make a leaflet or a poster for its two thousand and twenty one strategy that is taken and part of the dewa two thousand and twenty one main strategy for the awarness for its staff to make it easier for them to understand and more memorable i made the attached poster for our department crd.
screens for customers on front line counters for digital signature. a screen should be provided facing towards customer on each front line counter to enable customers to double check their personal info like mobile no email id etc before it is saved in sap customer can digitally sign on that screen also submitted the same idea before in tawasol. customers are manually signining the forms it should be replaced with digital signature from the screens on front line counters. digital signature from the display screens on front line counters.
use ester based dielectric fluids midel in transformers instead of mineral oil i ve previosly submitted this idea in tawasol 15 3610. use ester based dielectric fluids in transformers instead of mineral oil in vip substations. mineral oil has low flash point 150 c low fire point 170 c and a low kinematic viscosity these values will ease the transformer oil to be leaked flashed and a fire will established by any spark happened due to internal or external cause also miniral oil is considered as hazardious on environment. synthetic ester has flash point 260 c fire point 316 c and high kinematic viscosity natural ester has flash point 325 c fire point 370 c and high kinematic viscosity both have an immunization against leakage and provide the crucial combination of fire safety and environmental protection properties that are absent in mineral oil.
documentation bank center dbc. due to the huge number of documents being processed every day in dewa a documentation officer in each department should allocated to organize and have a copy of all these documents which will make it much easier to find the documents and use them for national and international awards. documents are scatered between different levels of employees and to find the whole batch of the documents needed for a certain case you have to contact different people from the same department which is time consuming for both the requirer and the requiree. a documentation bank center like the pmo for projects this center will be managing the documents what i propose is that a documentation officer to be allocated in each department which will receive and track the whole documentation process of the projects aquisitions recruitements etc depending on the nature of work of each department this would also make a motive for employees to document their work to have a high result in a kpi that will show the percentage of documentation.
inclusion of picture photo of the item in sap item master. inclusion of picture photo of the item in sap item master will help the personnel to identify the proper item before the selection for making the purchase or drawing from stores and saves alot of employee time. some times the item is not matching the item description like items with other make or equivalent with slight changes in specifications this is wasting time for the engineers in finding the correct item during emergencies. inclusion of picture photo of the item in sap item master will help the personnel to identify the proper item before the selection for making the purchase or drawing from stores and saves alot of employee time.
tablet for refering the manuals and diagram during troubleshooting the problem in each maintainence department. normally on site we have to carry big manuals and diagrams to troubleshoot problem it will great if all manuals and diagram are store in tablet one tablet for one department is enough it will be property of dewa so no personal documents will be store editing file will control with pw. normally on site we have to carry big manuals and diagrams to troubleshoot problem lots of paper are utilized. provide tablet for refering the manuals and diagram.
bill payment through ivr idea earliear submitted and approved under tawasol no 12 0806 dated 18 07 2012 yet to be implemented. customer can call our call center it should be a toll free no and pay dewa bills with his her credit card using automatic voice messaging service or ivr customer need not to have have portal user id customer does not need internet access to pay his bill it will be easy and secured as it will be through ivr without call center agent intervention idea submitted and approved under tawasol no 12 0806 dated 18 07 2012 yet to be implemented. customer can not pay from home if he is not having internet connection. customer can call our call center it should be a toll free no and pay dewa bills with his her credit card using automatic voice messaging service or ivr customer need not to have have portal user id customer does not need internet access to pay his bill it will be easy and secured as it will be through ivr without call center agent intervention.
dewa oblige costumers to regular check their acb and switchgear in privet lv panel. dewa should oblige costumers to regular checktheir acb and switchgear in privet lv panel and keep record for that check and showing if any work required. many times canceled our routine maintenance or problemhappen after our work finish due to problem in costumers side in their switchgear operting mechanism like acb can not off or rack out position acb can not restore after normalization dueto problem in charge it. regular checking and preventive maintenance of air circuit breakers acb and switchgear in privet lv panel will make safe also for costumers side and easy doing operting mechanism.
using lorawan as iot internet of things network to enable smart city. lora stands for long range radio it is the wirelesstechnology mainly targeted for m2m machine to machine and iot internet ofthings networks this technology will enable public or multi tenant networksto connect multiple applications running in the same network this loratechnology will fulfill to develop smart city with the help of lora sensors andautomated products applications it has endless applications for data acquisitionand control. the availablesolutions like 3g or wireless networks for iot is not cost effective and it is consuming high energy. using lora we will cover widearea with less base station it is using open bandwidth so it is free!! dewa can has its ownlorawan network if tra allowed lora is made mainly for sensorspowered by batteries for m2m communication were you do not need to send andreceive large amount of data but for long distance so the battery will lastfor years it is ideal for battery powered smoke detector or carbon monoxidedetectors or temperature sensors etc and you can think about manyapplications where the data required to be transmitted is small in its size butit is very critical.
my dewa ideas select target department guide. i think many of us when submitting an idea we select the target department dewa i think in order to reduce that kindly add in the help section a guide for selecting the target department in order to save time. read the description please. read the description please.
onsite clinic should be provided on all dewa offices such as dewa dewa al quoz jebel ali al quasis etc. onsite clinic brings health care value to the workplace it pay off in a variety of ways includes better management of chronic conditions earlier treatment of illnesses or injuries fewer emergency room visits improved productivity due to a healthier workforce reduced absenteeism as employees become healthier and need less time off for health related appointments reinforcement of a wellness culture that can be tied to other wellness initiatives improved retention of employees who appreciate the clinic its convenience and their employer its willingness to invest in their health improved ability to recruit new employees. as due to some medical problem employees face large medical costs it increases absentism as well as decrease employee productivity in all it will minimize dewas image. to have an onsite clinc on all dewa offices it should be open during working hours or can be opened part of the day or selected no of days per week or month it can be free or less money is charged for it employees need reassurance that medical information will remain confidential medical care and other health related services will be delivered by trained certified professionals clinicians will do what is right for the employee and the dependent regardless of cost.
automated crisis management ccalert crisis commander. automated crisis management the automated plans lead the crisis managementteam cmt step by step through all response and recovery tasks all logged onusers can see which activities have been completed when they were completed by whom and outstanding to do items plans may be activated then changed andedited in real time as the crisis progresses. no problem just one ofthe best practices used. automate the crisis management.
flexible duty time for dewa staff. we suggest that dewa staffs excluding field staff managers andstaff in above managerial grades and excluding during ramadan should have theoption to change their duty time for any personal and emergency work formaximum four days in a month this will allow the staff to carry out their personal emergencywork without taking short leaves earned leaves the duty time should be changeable by applying in employees portaland manager approval and any further approval should not be required. in current process dewa staff has to apply either for the shortleave or he she has to take earned leave for carrying out any personal emergencywork coinciding with their duty time staffs do not have the option for theflexible duty time that will allow them to complete their duty hours despitetheir personal work dewa losses precious working time when employees are going fortheir personal work this solution will allow employees to complete theirrespective duty time through flexible working hours. dewa staff excluding field staff managers and staff in abovemanagerial grades and excluding during ramadan should have the option tochange their duty time from morning to afternoon for four days in a month thiswill allow the staff to carry out their personal work without taking shortleaves earned leaves dewa losses precious working time when employees are going fortheir personal work this solution will allow employees to complete theirrespective duty time through flexible working hours.
pipeline number in water planning gis layer. pipeline no representing a proposed pipeline or interconnection will be available in the water planning gis layer under the field facility id which is already available the pipeline no is a unique number assigned in the approved project parameter report this will be utilized in monitoring the the proposed asset from ppr approval budgeting tendering construction until commissioning. difficulty is encountered in tracking status monitoringof proposed pipeline interconnections status in online gis of approved project parameter reports being issued by water transmissiondepartment. implementation of inclusion of new pipelineno in water planning planning mainline layer facility id field in gis willbe a good tool to monitor track the status of proposed pipeline interconnections approved in the project parameter reports being issued bywater transmission department.
knowledge sharing. save the presentation of awareness sessions motivational sessions lectures on freejna. therelots of awareness sessions conducted by dewa women its committee and trainers in general in dewa headoffice not all the employees are able ot attend it. therefore i suggest that the ppt should be saved and placed on freejna in a folder with the name of the awareness session people who are not able to attend the sessions due to leave work priorities should not miss out on the knowledge.
web based interface for sap pm. the implementation of a sap pm portal web based interface willmaximize the return of investment in its sap software this user friendly tool willsimplifies the execution of crucial maintenance tasks for all employee levels someemployees found it difficult to enter information needed in order to makenotifications about equipment servicing and to record vital details about theexecution of work orders we have to simplify the front end of the plantmaintenance screens provide more information to the employees and make iteasier for them to use the application. sap pm is having powerful tools but not everyone is using and those who are using they are not utilizing it fully some employees found it difficult in sap to enter information needed in order to make notifications about equipment servicing and to record vital details about the execution of work orders. to have a web based interface that will maximize the return of investment in its sap software this user friendly tool will simplifies the execution of crucial maintenance tasks for all employee levels the new portal solution will makes it easier for employees to raise notice of defects work orders etc and as a result more information will be entered into the plant maintenance modules which helps improve maintenance planning production monitoring and reduces the chances of failures hence information will be available for reporting and analysis.
flower arrangements. need to put flowery plantation for offices in dewa. negative staff work pressure and load and bad mood. flower arrangements can make great additions to a variety of corporate environments such as offices for example flowers can undoubtedly improve the aesthetic look of any office environment and provide a welcome splash of life and colour indeed research has suggested that flowers can have a significant and positive impact on employee its mood boost creativity and productivity and thus that contact with plants can have a positive impact on our health by improving air quality and increasing the amount of moisture in the air and removing certain toxins and wellbeing flowers can also help reduce stress at work lower blood pressure and even reduce absenteeism.
interdepartmental knowledge sharing. there should be weekly or fortnightly knowledge sharing sessions conducted between various sub departments relevant departments to present topics regarding their area of expertise to spread knowledge in all departments for e g projects can present and share knowledge about cost time scope human resource management project management whereas ted can present topics such as design considerations civil design criteria cable bonding arrangement shunt reactor design etc similarly tpd and scada can share knowledge related to their domains. it is being observed that all technical decision making is being owned by engineering and protection department while projects department is being considered non technical and is the one being asked to control the projects without any authority or decision making power being granted you cannot control something for which you have no authority at least a certain level of authority shall be with projects which can be done only if there is enough technical expertise in project personnel. this kind of knowledge sharing sessions will enable organization growth and maintain a certain uniform level of knowledge and equilibrium in all departments.
issue materials from central store for emergency case. create a form for emergency case from sap system underurgent mrr or mrq and in this form no need for sm hardcopy approval thestore will check the approval in the system to issue the materials. delays in completion of maintenace work. create form for emergency case in sap system.
kindly consider to revise the admin staff salary similar to technical grade staff. the salary level of admin and technical staff in same level is lot different and the admin staff cannot afford the present cost of living and expenses. due to increase of expenses in all areas management can consider to revise the admin staff salaries similar to technical staff. only few portion of staff in admin level in each department is not getting similar salaries compare to technical level of staff and the alignment of their salaries will help them to meet their living costs and expenses and will make them happy.
using robotic for maintenance the opgw. to detect the strand cut in opgw and. problem is discovered by patroling team and outage is required if we need to collect more photos from the failure location. different automatic monitoring techniques is available to monitor the opgw without any outage we can use the optical distribution sensors or robotics with sensors to collect and update the status of the opgw.
division employee of the month. encourage the people to work hard and select the best employee monthly in each division. one currently we have tp award provided to the employee each quarter 3 months 2 since we have many creative employees in the division the chance to select all of them quarterly is very low. make a reward for the employee of the month in addition to tp award.
limitation on zero facility on all landline telephones. i noticed that some dewa staff and some visitors are using other employee its landline telephones which provided with zero facility while employees are not seated for non official calls which expanding etislat bill. i noticed that some dewa staff and some visitors are using other employee its landline telephones which provided with zero facility while employees are not seated for non official calls which expanding etislat bill. a password on each telephone same as the one which is activated after 14 30 shall be activated twenty four hours not only after duty hours.
knowledge sharing platform. creating a technical team to discuss share review and report site work related technical issues findings ideas informations procedures etc based on collectivesite feedback from various tem sub zones representatives from different sub zones will document site issues and findings collected from each sub zones staff and will meet periodically to discuss exchange ideas review and recommends changes. some of our staffs have lot of creative ideas in their mind but they are not coming forward for sharing findings and ideas stuck with ideas not confident thinking what other people think feel shy or afraid that their suggestion may be rejected communication problem. create an easy access platform to communicate and share ideas and findings easily by approching their tem zonal representatives representatives from different sub zones will collect site issues findings and ideas of each sub zones staff and will meet periodically to discuss exchange ideas review and recommends changes.
recycling of condensate water fromair conditioning systems. a separate drainage system can be provided for condensate waterfrom air conditioning systems. the condensate water produced by the air conditioning systems is drained into thesewer and the water is lost. a separate drainage system can be provided for condensate waterfrom air conditioning systems.
staff bus. staff bus is to be provided from various location of dubai. using own car create more traffic not good for environment chancesof accident. staff bus is to be provided from various location of dubai.
self service kiosks at customer service offices. install self service interactive touch screen type kiosks in dewa offices for guiding and assisting customers to obtain desired services quickly and effectively. customers visiting the dewa offices are not getting correct information about the location of various departments or contact points also they may not be aware of specific requirements required list of documents standard procedures etc misguided and ill informed customer needs to check various offices or to visit the same office department repeatedly to solve his problem. by installing touch screen type interactive kiosks at dewa offices customers can easily identify the location of the desired office department contact point by themselves immediately from the preloaded map information they can also utilize these machines to understand the services provided by each departments and requirments for a specific service forms and documents etc.
dewa staff duty attendance by biometrics either finger prints or retina scanner. dewa staffs are punching using id cards are obselete out of date technology therfore implementation of biometric finger prints or retina scanner can avoid the survillence cameras near the punching machines avoid forget id application to time office if the staff forgot to bring his id. dewa investment for cctv cameras near punching machine for surveillance can be avoided dewa staffs are applying forget id to dewa time office when they forget their id cards can be avoided. dewa staffs are punching using id cards are obselete out of date technology therfore implementation of biometric finger prints or retina scanner can avoid the survillence cameras near the punching machines avoid forget id application to time office if the staff forgot to bring his id.
monitoring the consumption of electricity and water in smart metering system. customer should be able to monitor his consumption bykeeping a registered code through internet online on daily basis this will help tocontrol the extra consumption and it will save misusing of energy and water. the consumption of electricity and water can be monitored bycustomer. keeping a registered code through internet on daily basis.
bus shuttle service from different location at dubai. bus shuttle service can be provided for dewa employees from different location at dubai or from selected metro stations. increase in usage of cars lead to parking problem and pollution to environment. bus shuttle service can be provided for dewa employees from different location at dubai or from selected metro stations.
relief camps in crisis affected countries. dewa can arrange relief camps to provide basic human needsand shelter to the people in crisis affected countries by doing this dewa simage will improve globally. dewa its image is limited to few countries only. to imporve dewa its image by doing social activities like arraning relif camps in crisis afftected countries.
rta bus facility for all dewa offices. dewa shall do the arrangement for rta bus facility to remote offices like al dewa so that employees customers can use rta buses. dewa employees are spending money from thier salary for vehicle maintanence and feuling which increases the expenditures of employees customers increase in traffic due to the vehicle usage of individuals and parking non availability. by arranging rta bus services to all dewa offices we can reduce the road traffics and save fuel.
site audit application. developing a mobil smart device application that allowsthe inspectors site engineer auditors to give the evaluation to dewa constrictionprojects immediately while they are on the site the application will enablethe user to fill the checklist take picture of the finding forwarding thereport to the concerned party or even to the manager for his final approval the application would generate the related statistical graphs and give a summaryreport whenever is required it would be easy to track the reports findings correctiveaction preventive action and area for improvement notification can be sent through the app that would enhance closing on the pending issues. 1 delays in preparing site audits report 2 delays in closing audit findings. creatingsmart application which any inspector can download into his mobile phone the applicationshall include auto statistical report generator also a notification to alarmmanagers engineers auditor of pending issues.
parking space anouncement display. display board shall be placed near the gate of all dewa offices for displaying the details of parking occupancy from this details we can know exactly which and where the parking area is free. most of the employees and customers are roaming to search for their parking space and they were failing to attend the meeting training or other commitments. display board shall be placed near the gate of all dewa offices for displaying the details of parking occupancy to know exactly which and where the parking area is free.
placing flowers plantation of small sizes on staff work station. encourage office staff to place plantation of small sizes on each workstation. to improve staff mentality happiness. arrange awareness session to office staff about the effect of plantation flowers on attitude adjustment and happiness to encourage them of placing plantation of small sizes on each office.
simplification ofobtaining salary service certificates for dewa employees in branches. each branch of dewa might be equipped with a set of computer and color printer the same can be arranged similar to atm machines each engineer can login to this computer with his username and password and choose the required certificate then print it the required certificate will be printed with stamp and printed signatures the supported application can be tailored for this purpose and the printer can be properly secured to keep original dewa papers safe. the process of receiving salary service certificates for employees who are not working in head office is complicated since the department messenger has to drive to head office sometimes long distance to collect employee its certificates this cost dewa time efforts and money. each branch of dewa might beequipped with a set of computer and color printer the same can be arranged similarto atm machines each engineer can login to thiscomputer with his username and password and choose the required certificatethen print it the required certificate will beprinted with stamp and printed signatures the supported application can be tailored for this purpose and the printer can be properly secured to keep original dewa papers safe.
designated vehicle parking facility at satwa yard. vehicl eparking facility for dewa vehicles at satwa yard. large number of vehicles are parked in the satwa yard area hence to find out a particular vehicle will be time consuming. assign separate parking lot for each vehicle in parking lot.
dewa to invest in asean in anticipation to asean integration in two thousand and twenty. for dewa to be involved as foreign investor direct or as a partner in asean to be engaged in power generation transmission or energy renewable development or exploration. the expected depletion of fossil fuel in the middle east dubai can furrher achieve sustainabilty and further expand is resources by investing in developing economies to invest in developed coountries is very difficult due to high capital requirement high opex saturated demand and expected stiff competition from other investors. to invest in developing economies such as the asean countries due to long term high energy demand tax incentives for investors in the filed of energy lower capital and opex as compared to developed countries or in the middle east potential local partner in energy are reputable corporations with history of consistent revenue nd profit growth uae locals can be trained as global executives to be able to influence some asean countries with muslim faith on the correct teachings of islam potential to achieve expertise in geothermal energy and on agricultural based fuels as developing asean countries will develop more tourist can visit uae.
digitalization of as built drawings. all as built drawings should be in the system and should be accesable to anybody. difficult to identify the exact lovation of cables difficult to convince the contractors. all as built drawings should be in the system and should be accesable to anybody can check the cable route locations at site itself.
record of activity share an hour to benefit society and maximum number of employees. to record the activity of share an hour and upload it in dewa web site so society get benifit of it or shared folder or make it available in dewa its libraries so emplyees can get benifit of the activity when they have chance. to benefit society and maximum number of employees who could not attended the activity. record the activity and upload it.
punch in and out. punchin and out should be count from the main entrance of the building. punch in and out. when the employee enter the building should count as punch within time limit.
unified process among various dewa divisions especially on pre qualification of vendors inspection and type test policies. introduce common policy critera for vendor approval inspection and type test policy in dewa transmission power distribution and generation divisions. different policies and criteria has been adopted by various divisions of dewa. unification of pre qualification inspection and type test policies.
selling scrap items from the substations under construction newly commissioned. dewa is the custodian of the substation and the equipments installed in it during commissioning a huge amount of scrap items are fetched from equipment packing or residues these includes woods pipes metal pieces oil drums wire cleaning agents plastics etc the value of these items are not less rather sinificantly high dewa should keep a record of the produced scraps in the construction site and mange them to earn a good amount of money by selling these. currently lot of these items are not monitored properly and taken by contrator staffs or third party workers. a management team should be developed to ensure proper monitoring preservation and sales of these items.
gis access to site staff. gis access to be given to supervisor level staff. for any gis related issues site staff has to contact noc cente for clarification which is time consuming. provide gis accees to site syaff so that they can check and compare teh site situation as quickly as possible.
dewa to explore the use of geothermal energy for power generation and desalination. this is for dewa to explore the use of geothermal energy as a renewable source of energy for power generation cooling and desalination. depleting fossil based fuel resources in the middlle east and in uae carbon emmission from fossil fuel is causing global warming solar plant will also lead to using water and energy for the routine cleaning of the solar panels. for dewa to explore the potential use of low enthalpy geothermal energy available in persian gulf it could also partner with egypt or africa for the exploration and use of high enthalpy geothermal energy source from near the red sea.
solar power. all dewa building roof should be covered with solar power at least fifty percent. high electricty usage failure of power cables if other abrormality. utilization of solar power.
concession to dewa employees for electricity and water. due to increasing living cost and hra dewa shall give concession to dewa employees for electricity and water. increasing living cost in dubai affects employees satisfaction by providing such type of allowance can help the employees to sustain their family in dubai. dewa shall give concession to dewa employees for electricity and water.
offline mobile application for dewa four hundred and one hundred and thirty two kv its its location map. as increasing the number of dewa its its every year this map will be usefull for new staff and office staff who is going to site occationaly. many of dewa staff not have internet data package during emergency time we can check alternate route to access substation in heavy traffic condition. to create new mobile map application which is working without internet.
shuttle service to provided till nearby metro stn. by providing shuttle service the traffic time can be minimised while coming and going from office. time consuming to find the parking sapce sometime 25 30 min even during callduty emergency. by using shuttle service the no of person can use this service and parking area space is available easily.
providing office bus service to access near by metro. providing office bus services or shuttle services to dewa from near by metro station so that lot of employees will be benifited as well parking issues in dewa office will be solved along with fuel and unwanted traffic will be reduced. not sufficient praking spaces and traffic. by providing a shuttle service to near by metro station.
conservation award for a better tomorrow for dewa departments. conservation award for a better tomorrow will be a high value recognition presented to different dewa departments for best practices in electricity and water consumption and usage. in our region where natural resources are becoming increasingly scarce the preservation of the environment by using electricity and water in a rational manner is becoming increasingly important so we must all now make every effort to conserve our precious natural resources by moderating how much we use on a daily basis in dewa. conservation award for a better tomorrow will be high value recognition presented to different dewa departments for best practices in electricity and water consumption and usage to be given every year or every quarter of the year.
sap mm material request approval through ipad. mr approval workflow module for dewa workflow app. currently dewa workflow app is not having mr approval workflow module. developing mr approval workflow module for dewa workflow app.
add premise move in option. online move in category has no option to add premises to the existing premise number needed for new activation of suppl by creating this option will allow the new customer customer witout online registration to apply for new connection for all the premises or for a building in sametime as he applying for one connection. if the new customer customer witout online registration wants to apply for many premises he need to apply for one by one which means the online accounts will be under diffrent username and under different business partner ex to register three premises will be three usernames and three business partners if your answer admin is why? he can use customer with online registration to submit another activation of supply my answer is customer can not do that bcz the usename will only created after 24hours from the registration also customer will be award of business partner to use it take time. if we create in move in online page and website an option under dewa premise n column call add premise for all new online registration and create an extra attachment up to number of premises plus security deposit and outstanding will appear individually for each premise for extra to select all premises security deposit to pay it one time.
sap grc workflow in smart phone. sap grc workflow module shall be made available in dewa workflow app for smart phones. currently sap grc workflow are available in portal and it has to be approved from the office. developing sap grc workflow module in dewa workflow app for smart phones.
display of menu with prices in dewa premises eateries. menu with the prices to be displayed eateries inside the dewa premises. eateries are changing the prices as per their wish day by day i request there should be some control in this. one itemised menu with price both in english and arabic to be displayed 2 dewa management should involve in fixing the prices i am not requesting for subsidised price atleast the price should be equivalent to market price 3 owner of the eateries should not have authority to raise the price without management approval.
an open day with army ghutra we support them. open day wearing army ghutra head cover of the uae army to support the uae military and martyr its day which will reflect our support to our army and the country. no problem. an open day with army ghutra.
plantation inside dewa premises by dewa staffs. giving oppurtunity to interested staff to maintain and grow plantation inside dewa premesis. maintained by separate team. allowing dewa staffs to spend some time on plantation techniques or showing interest in such activities.
dewa can install windmill to generate electricity. in dubai yaerly the average wind speed is seventeen kellometer per hour and lowest is fifteen kmph means almost same wind speed all over the year dewa can use this wind to generate electricity. day by day global is becoming warming due to emitting co2 and co gas in enviroment and exhausting heat to environment from thermal power station. dewa can use wind speed to generate electricity by installing windmill to reduce global warming and also can save and reserve natural resources for next generation and improve environmental impact and sustainability.
reimbursement of emirates id card. the cost of employees for emirates id shall be borne by dewa. presently the emirates id cost is being bared by staff. during visa renewal the pnr section shall apply for emirates id card application.
employee site visit to dewa solar park and green building. all dewa employee shall schedule site visits to dewa solar park and green building to see for themself how it works so that they have first hand information about dewa its sustainability development. not all dewa employees were able to see physically the solar park and green building in al quoz being dewa employee we should have first hand information about dewa its smart innovations. arrange a schedule visit to solar park and green building there should be a tour guide to explain the operations and benefits of these innovations employees can explain accurately to customers friends family and relatives about dewa its image and support to environment.
meizah am record. meizah am record same conceptof genius records try to break it !!! record no1 higher score of performance forsection meizah am record 3 77 under name xxx section staff record no2 higher score of performance for staff meizah am record 3 57 under name xxx staff.  meizah am record same conceptof genius records try to break it !!! record no1 higher score of performance forsection meizah am record 3 77 under name xxx section staff record no2 higher score of performance for staff meizah am record 3 57 under name xxx staff.
plant a tree for each dewa employee. every dewa employee should plant at least one tree within uae. dewa is promoting to establish a sustainable society that contributes to limiting the depletion of natural resources. dewa management shall allocate a place for tree planting and involve all employees to plant at least one tree within a year to make it memorable they may do it during national holiday celebrations or during world earth day.
dewa electronic waste e waste. to refurbish repair restore old or unuse dewa electronic computers printers monitors telephones tv etc and to donate it to help the poor and unprivileged countries schools and those countries affected by calamities war and crisis. the refurbisment and repair. dewa it will help in the refurbishments along with the selected electronic repair shops.
shaded parking for all dewa staff and sufficient working office space. shaded parking and sufficient working office space for all dewa staff. there are huge employees who does not have shaded parking this employees have to search everywhere and finally park in sandy area outside the building which vehicles are directly exposed to sunlight dust and other difficulties this is disappointing dewa staffs and creates unnessary problems currently the parking are not only difficulty but also creates grading problems those grade six and below to be parked outside the complex compound without any shade and directly expose to sunlight which looks like a punishment there are approx 1300 employees are in tp division and given few shaded parkings before coming to dewa the expectation of employee figures were already given upto two thousand and eighteen by all departments to tp office but eventhough the employees encountering problems for parking vehicles office spaces which creates unhealthy environment such partiality poor planning bad ideas are initiated by somebody and forced to all employees which creates bad image to dewa. 1 the management to look into this problem to avoid space problems both office vehicles instead of asking solution by single small group who do not have any knowledge about it 2 give transparency among the employees and management to have health environment and accept the ideas 3 allot a budget and provide parking shade for all staff by making double storey triple storey outside the building or all sides analyse the expected employees to be recruited in future upto 5 10 years ahead 4 allot a budget for office space by analysing the expected employees to be recruited in future upto 5 10 years ahead 5 make a survey for employees office space and parkings and analyse their feedback.
utility bill payments machine at dewa offices. utility bill payments machines are available mostly at malls which is not near to everyone if we have these machines to dewa office like dewa warsan complex it will help dewa staffs and guest people to pay their dewa rta etisalat du police fines etc as early as possible. utility bill payments machines are available mostly at malls which is not near to everyone and we are not visit malls on daily basis. install utility bill payments machines in dewa premises.
brain day. conduct an activity called brain day which will concentrate on different type of thinking.  conduct an activity called brain day which will concentrate on different type of thinking like creative positive and fast thinking the brain day will be group activity and will consist of different activities where groups will be circulated on these activities with specific time from beginning each group will receive a map containing the location of each activity and the total time of will be announced the group should manage its time to cover as much as activities in this announced time the more activities participated in the more chance of getting points on each activity the group will gain points according to the achievement they get and finally the group with most points will win the activity can be done in door or out door.
parking for dewa staff. arrange separate parking for dewa customer in outside of dewa complex. due to short of parking dewa staff are parking their vehicle outside dewa complex. dewa staff shall be used the parking area which is allotted for dewa customer inside dewa complex and arrange separate parking for dewa customer in outside of dewa complex and as nowadays staff are facing difficulties to get parking inside dewa complex.
loan facility for dewa staff. interest free loan for dewa staff in case of emergency. takaful members can only gets advance money for emergency. all dewa staff shall be provided with interest free loan facility to help them in humanity background.
noc business improvement. develop mobile apps one smart app for all services create smart application for noc services generate a dewa link app store in mobiles which allow contractor consultant to complain for any damage or any issue in the site so dewa inspector can easily reach them in short time training in sap mobile application will enable iiandpd to create smart application which enable us to achieve dubai vision and improve customer satisfaction create noc application for smart phones for checking the noc states and comments. no easy access to noc services. develop mobile apps one smart app for all services create smart application for noc services.
barcode for stock items in central stores. provide stickers with barcode for all items stored in central stores. at present the code numbers are identified with paper tags or with marker paint and that too most of the cases only on the case each piece is not being provided with clear identification. all items are to be provided with a weather resistant sticker with barcode.
knowledge improvements. daily quotes tafseer and hadeeth happened on this day by email. early day blessing. daily quotes tafseer and hadeeth happened on this day by email.
switch off computer monitor. all employees to switch off desktop computer monitors while leaving work. an lcd monitor as per general website information consumes an average of one point three eight w in standby mode assuming minimum two hundred and fifty monitors in dewa are in standby mode for average of 16 hours of the day the total wasted energy can be upto two thousand kwh annually. all employees to ensure switching off the monitor before leaving work.
online appointment and online meeting to improve internal and external communication. establish audio video conferencing for discussions with stakeholders provide a system for live chat service with stakeholders system for online meeting video calls for internal requirements live chat with internal departments unit section department team etc online appointment and online meeting to improve internal and external communication clear meeting processes requests by customer customer appointment system to be improved establish online meetings with stakeholders. now customer stakeholders has to come direct to the concerned office to get the appointment of employee. develop a system moble application for online appointment.
waste paper recycling. to exercise to minimize waste papers by providing paper shredders near every printer machine in the offices. collection of shredded papers. arrange with the paper factory or tissue factory for the regular collection of shredded papers.
workplace basic medical care unit. to provide a medical care unit and pharmacy at dewa offices. at present there is no medical care and pharmacy at al dewa office to meet needs to the employees. a basic medical care unit with qualified health care officer and pharmacy can be provided at the office place locations.
shuttle service for dewa dewa complex employees from to rta bus stop awir power station h 2. since there is no rta bus facility for dewa dewa complex employees this dewa shuttle service will be most helpfull to commute especially in summer season. 1 cost of shuttle 2 driver cost. 1 daily monthly payment for using shuttle service.
driving allowance for dewa staff. driving allowance for dewa staff who its driving dewa vehicle. during emergency staff is driving vehicle depends on distance has to reach the site before acceptable timing to meet the kpi in case of any fine in this situation they are liable to pay the traffic fine. by providing driving allowance the staff can manage somehow in case of any fine issuance of such a situation this will help to encourage driving staff.
mobile smart application for noc its. provide smart application for noc its submissions and follow up. customers arefacing difficulties to know the noc status and follow up through thisapplication customer can track the noc and present status accordingly they cantake necessary actions. develop a smart application for noc its submissions and follow up through this application customer can track the noc and present status accordingly they can take necessary actions.
modification mdu scheme. scheme to be modified as per the attached drawing. attached. attached.
annual competition on quran recitation tafsir within orgnaization. conducting annual competition on quran recitation tafsir will improve islamic values within organization it will be an apportunity for employees to show their knowledge in islamic studies. lack of necessary islamic values within people will create major problems in near future. conduct competitions within orgainzation topics related to islamic values quran recitation tafsir will allow employees to develop their knowledge in islamic studies the culture of developing islamic values will be created within organization.
installation of timer switches instead of on off switches to operate the lamps in transmission substations. to install timer switches manual on and auto off instead of conventional switches manual on manual off to ensure automatic switching off of lamps after use inside substation rooms. in many cases the person switching on the light is forgetting to switch off the lights when he she leaves the substation room. by using timer switches available with buttons for user selection while switching on example 15min 30min 45min and 60min duration of operation and will trurn off the light automatically we can eliminate the problem of indoor lights being on even after use nobody in the rooms.
smoking area tawasol suggestion ref 13 2224. make special rooms for smokers far from main door and corridors and conduct awareness for these employees to quit smoking. some people in ho are smoking near to the door which gives bad impression. anyone entering dewa ho main entrance will notice that some people are smoking near to the door which gives bad impression to some visitors or other employees also there are some employees who smoke in the corridors outside the building which also give bad image my suggestion is to make special rooms for smokers far from main door and corridors moreover awareness can be made for these employees to quit smoking it will be nice to reduce number of smokers within dewa as health of employees is very important.
dewa uniform. dewa uniform for engineers to be changed. currently dewa uniform for engineers is not attractive and comfortable by fabric and by colour. dewa unfiorm for engineers may be changed to attractive comfortable in all aspects by colour and by fabric.
dewa id card punching system for printer access. after sending files to the printer printer should print the files only after punching dewa id card of the same person on the printer. unattented papers and unnecesssary printing. by implementing punching system for the printer access problem of unattented papers on the printer can be solved.
saving schemes for employees. dewa to start a voluntarary saving scheme for employees by deducting an amount monthly from the salary. most of the expats sending their income home directly without any saving. dewa to help their staff to utilize their income judiciously by set up a saving scheme in which employee can join voluntarily.
quartely tournament and permanent sports team from each department. each department shall have their own team based on selection and shall be provided with required kits to play games such as football volleyball cricket etc best players based on performance from each department can be raised to divisional level and tournaments can be done on divisional level. one staffs are not interested to participate 2 less involvelment in recreational activities. one department approval for arraging kits required to play the game two selection based on performance and interest 3 activity area to be provided for games.
screen play acting stage play. understanding the dewa noc process bycostumer. the costumer having problem in the nocsubmission requirement and not understanding the dewa process and manycostumers were re applying noc application for many times. dewa staff can to some small screen planacting as a dewa staff and costumer through acting we can explain problems andhow to solve this way we can increase the quality and costumer satisfactions already implemented this is for regularizing.
pollution carbon foot print and shortageof energy. energy saving. water wastage pollution carbon foot printand shortage of energy. ecomet trademarked as ecomet this innovation proprietary software platform thatenables existing facility assessment tasks to be more rigorous wellstandardized and far more comprehensive this software can quickly andefficiently establish energy consumption baselines quantify point of useconsumption benchmark the consumption patterns and help plan long termprograms for facility upgrades and sustainable reduction of the carbonfootprint.
provide technical library for each departement in tp. arrange to provide library contains technical books soft copy technical standards and technical related papers as ieee papers for each departement in tp as applicable. there is no common source of good technical references books standards and technical papers available for employees. technical library will provide a source for technical information and knowledge for technical staff.
solarwater heater for dewa buildings. solar heaters shall be recommended for all dewa buildingssince water heater is the more power consumable house hold items. wastage of power. by installing solar waterheaters can reduce the wastage of powers.
field staff uniform in summer. separate summer uniform to be provided for field staff to avoid uneasiness during working in the hot summer. current unifrom is very thick and in unsuitable to work in summer productivity of field staff are decreasing due to this. porvide good quality t shirt for field staffs for summer season.
queue management system through mobile no. provides with state of the art queue management systems queue management system through mobile no is a customer flow management system that allows to organize dewa customers in an efficient and effective way on the basis of smart and intelligent business and environmental based on following indicators and parameters. losing time and resources. time saving and environment.
transportation for grade seven and below staffs. most of our grade seven and below staffs duty timing is same if we provide transportation for these staffs will help them reach on time also it will motivate them. transportation expenses is more. if we can provide with transporation for grade seven and below they can save their transportation expenses also we can ensure all of our staffs are reaching their work place ontime.
provide access to see the engineering material approval status of ongoing projects. cocerned dept ted tpd snd has to display provide access to see the engineering material submittal status of ongoping projects with projects dept for better tracking avoid delay and see current status. as of now contractor submits the engineering material submittal to the user dept ted snd tpd and after the allowed time contractor checking the approval status of the document with ptd then ptd writes to the concerned dept respective dept coordinator checks with concerened their engineer and reply back in the same way by implimenting this susggestion unnecessary workflow delay can be avoided and resources wastage can be avoided. cocerned dept ted tpd snd has to display provide access to see the engineering material submittal status of ongoping projects with projects dept so that respective project engr can check the status in the system and inform contractor accordingly and may speed up if necessary.
staff uniform. staff uniforms shall be increased per annum. currently dewa is providing two sets uniform per annum to all staff as per the site works especially on roof will lead to more damage as part of hard work at hvac equipment on roof. need to provide four nos sets per annum instead of two nos to have good and neat apperance of field staff.
gps location tracking for substations in dewa vehicles. gps location tracking for substations in dewa vehicles. time loss for identification of dewa substation locations. gps navigation in dewa vehicles.
staff housing for families bachelors. dewa would construct housing for its staff this investment scheme would be very much dewa its mai dubai water project or other relavent investment. high cost of house rent makes the staff unhappy unhealthy less productive stressful after all scattered living of staff makes it difficult to gather employees in short time when emergency crisis might arise. dewa can buy building or can construct housing unit for its staff according to staff grade and need the toal cost would recover from rent since it is no business like other real estate the rent would be much less than the current market rent.
usage of unmanned arieal vehicles uavs or drones to monitor dewa assests. this advanced application allows dewa to mapterrain and form an accurate 3d model for the components of their power networkand also any surroundings buildings landscapes and vegetation uav can be usedto survey substations transmission lines and other assets we can get easily visual access to top ofpower transformers without de energizing them we can easily view the loose pins and missingbolts of transmission lines it can be used for monitoring thetransmission lines and dewa generation assets. visualinspection of transmission lines through the patrolling teams cannot providethe clear pic of assets and sometime safety outage is required for monitoringthe condition of equipment. by uavs we can get easily access near to the energized assests and can get the clear picture.
time of demand tariff. introduce time of demand tariff separate tariff for energy consumed during peak hours of a day system by dewa for billing of energy consumption. revenue increase for dewa energy conservation and reduction in carbon emissions. in a day of twenty four hours the energy consumed during peak hours i e evening 5 00p m 11 00p m shall be categorised as peak demand period the energy consumption by industries shopping malls commercial buildings offices residential complexes etc for the peak demand period shall be recorded in a separate time block using availability based tariff energy meters so the energy consumed during the peak hours is recorded in a separate time block in the energy meter used for billing the energy consumed during peak hours shall be billed at higher tariff the energy consumed during off peak demand period is recorded separately and this can be billed as per existing tariff introducing separate billing structure for peak hours energy consumption generates additional revenue for dewa and also motivates consumers towards energy conservation.
tcm store at mankhool. the store is very far from warsan office and inside the city where there is more traffic shall be shifted. the existing mankhool store for tcm materials is inside the city and having more traffic delays to collect the material thus reaching the site with material is becoming very delayed this affects the work productivity for the day. the mankhool store shall be shifted to nearby warsan office.
tyre pressure water check point for dewa vehicles at dewa warsan premises. air water check point for dewa vehicles at dewa warsan premises. incorrect maintenance of tyre pressure and water level leads to high repair cost. tyre pressure water check point for dewa vehicles at dewa warsan premises.
seprate vehicle parking for dewa tlp vehicles. for tlp section seprate vehicles parking can be provided for attend the emergency related works at time. duiring emergency we are facing dificulties to find the vehicles which cause the delay to attend the emergency works on time. seprate vehicles parking if will be provided at satwa yard office for tlp section which will be easy for us to find the tlp vehicles on time.
provide recycling unit in the substations for effective management of waste trash. to provide trash recycling unit in transmission substations to ensure the regular cleanliness of substation premises. frequent overflow of trash bins in substations and need for heavy vehicles and staff to shift the trash from substations. waste recycling units are suggested to be installed in each substation for waste treatment and recycling.
increasing staff productivity and cost saving suggestion. flexible punching location for field staffs which will have greater implication in saving time and cost incurred to dewa. 1 for field staffs punching should be done in their respective office which requires long distance travel and consumes more time and bring stress and fatigue due to heavy traffic and extreme climates which will affect the overall productivity as they should start early to reach the location from different places in dubai which will reduce their time spend in the field to complete their respective tasks. 1 flexible punching locations can be provided 2 clocking exemptions can be considered.
increasing staff productivityand cost savings. permission to park dewa vehicle in any dewa offices available near the working site. since we have to park our dewa vehicles in the respective office we should travel all the way from the site to the respective office to pick up and drop the vehicle which will consume more manhours and fuel consumption by way of travelling and traffic. 1 providing access to park dewa vehicle in dewa office which is available near the working site.
labor supply knowledge. labor supply staff is not having proper knowledge. the daliy unskilled labor supply provided for the technicians are very poor for understanding the daily needs of dewa staff they are not having knowledge about daily used tools and spare parts this is due to daily change in the persons there are no constant labor persons this creating more tension to our staff to make understand them and creates delay in work done also when he is fully trained the next day that person is going to some other work as directed by the labor supply company this way dewa is becoming a school to train the outside people freely. need constant labor supply permenantly at least from the same group so that the team will understand our dewa staff needs.
weekend intimation thursday. i think that there should be a pop up message with a soft tone or any suitable sound which will have soft effect upon dewa employees that after thursday and lot of hard work during five days it is time to rest and to make them smile and to feel happy. to increase less response concept of weekend and to boost up employees to be more active in thursday. along that pop up message soft tone or any suitable sound we can show in next phase not to keep anything pending if it is off high value or required urgent response as coming friday and saturday will be off mostly sunday is considered as a busy day and sometimes it is difficult to make decision to which task priority should be given.
electronic device for checklist entry. my suggetion is to impliment electronic device like tab for entering checklist data for field staff so that we can reduce papper consumption time and effort. more papper consumption time and effort. electronic device like tab or any other data entering device.
proper designation. standardisation of designation as per world utilities. technical related staff considered as administration staff. change of designation as per job assignments and qualifications.
structuring of organisation. structuring based on job description. job describtion of officer transmission switching is fully related to transmission real time operation and not even related by a single assignment with tem where we actually exist. transfer officer transmission switching to tod.
staff allocation based on job description. staff allocation should be done based on the job nature employee doing real time operation in substations should be in operation department not in maintenance. working for transmission operation department but payroll in transmission equipment maintenance department affects proper execution of jobs career path and employee appraisal. transfer transmission switching staff from tem to tod.
rest room in najma tcc. as rtos are working 24hrs in the control room need to take rest after night shift to avoid sleepy driving and to stay during emergency situation. after night shift rtos are tired and driving long distance in sleepy mood during emergency situation no fecility to take rest or stay back at tcc. reinnovate a vaccant room to a rest room with necessary home appliaces gym equipments bed cot etc with attached wash room.
accomodation for dewa employees. due to high standard life of dubai day by day increasing prices in land property and rent of the houses most employees feeling uncomfortable and not secure future. due to rapid incerase in rent of accomodation it is very hard for maximum dewa employees to survive in such circumtances for long run mentaly they are not relax and it is affecting their efficency in office and soical life. i will suggest that like adwea transco dewa should provide the hiring facility to the employee and the rent money should directly go to the owner or dewa can give fifty percent of the rent with some max limit depends of the grade of the employee or dewa can take on lease some buildings and can give on rent with some affordable rent to employyes.
saturday off. tem staff below seven th grade are working in saturday while some other department have off on saturday. staff having problems in annual leaves also saturday off is pending for a long time there is no responce from athourity for saturday leave. staff can work nine hours a day to complete the working hours 9 hours five days forty five hours per week as staff already working 45 hours in a week while this rule is also applied in jabil ali power station.
parking for grade six and below. as dewa staff grad six and below not allowed to park in warsan complex now they are parking outside area behind the masque my suggestion to provide proper road and proper parking with shed also there is no entrance marking for parking. the area now where staff is parking there vehical there is no shed and road is un even where every week some vehical getting puncture. provide proper road proper parking with shed.
upgrade salary for fitter grade 4. salary need to be upgrade for fitter. in fitter grade four there is various type of pay scale you should give similar salary to all fitter grade four. it will be good satisfaction for employee who are in fitter grade four.
air condition. unnecessary air condition working in all government officeholidays and after duty times. energy saving. need to be switch of all air condition in all governmentoffice holidays and after duty times.
online dissolved gas analyzer. dewa can install online dga monitoring equipment in the power transformers which are operating at the voltage level of 33kv and above this will help us to identify the formation of gases in regular intervel based on this result we can arrange for regeneration of transformer oil it will improve the system reliabilty. now we are taking the oil samples for dga once in a year we are not monitoring dissolved gases in continuously. this will help us to identify the formation of gases in regular intervel based on this result we can arrange for regeneration of transformer oil it will improve the system reliability.
empowering transmission field operators. at present transmission filed operators so andsso are belongs to tmd they have to be a part of tod like field operators in distribution for better co ordination and better performance. rto is under tod and so its are under tmd but so its working under the instruction of rto there are problem for co ordination monitoring the performance and corrective action for better performance. both rto and so are under tod then there will be better co ordination performance monitoring and corrective action for better performance will be more effective and can achieve better results.
create a discussion box on dewa server intranet for technical discussions. discussion box can be create on dewa server for technical discussion realated to staff technical activities problems facing and their solution and to know the best practice from other as learning tool. for making technical discussion related to any technical operational maintenance issue discussion need to make by sendings email to different contact groups. create a discussion box on dewa server for discussion comments remarks questioning and answering as a learning tool.
awareness on product. requesting to arrange meetings between tem staff and manufacturer company service engineer at least half yearly so that we can develop more knowledge technically on product. no problem. we can increase the efficiency.
salary revise fitter trade grade 4. here fitter trade staff not any salary revised in tem dept here in field outage work fitter designation staff are same job risk and ideas is approching in technical level compare to another salary revised trade staff in same tem dept. struggle for outside financial problems and family maintance. please check and study the case file and take necessary steps.
automated computer alerts to remind staff to take a break. automated computer alerts to remind workers to take a break once an hour and an animation photo on desktop exercises can be displayed. office based staff spend hours infront of computer monitors without any break. automated computer alerts to remind workers to take a break once an hour and an animation photo on desktop exercises can be displayed during that time.
to provide one db for mobile generator in 400kv substation grdn and enpo. in case of standby diesel generator failure no access point connect to mobile generator. no aceess point to connect mobile generator. to provide one db for mobile generator in 400kv substation.
multystoreyed carparking. a multystoreyed carpark building in dewa and dewa will save a lot of area and solve the parking problem for customers and staff this will enhance the overall look of the area also. parking problem insufficient parking space in dewa office and dewa dewa. by building a multystoreyed building we can have ample space for parking and avoid waste of time.
refrigerant disposal. disposing the refrigerant. the subcontractor who worked at dewa substation is recovering the refrigerant from packaged unit and taking to outside the dewa substation and releasing the refrigerant to atmosphere instead of submitting it to recovery companies. the contractor shall submit the rcovered refrigerant in dewa scrap yard and obtain the dewa scrap approval stamp.
graphical megohmmeter for mv cables and transformers. megohmmeter with agraphic screen which makes it easy to interpret measurements in the field adjustable voltage measurement in voltage step function automatic calculation of dar pi and dd automatic calculation of measurement result referred to a reference temperature and display of measurements and the storage and printing of results. 1 inability to display the ir measurement graph 2 inability to generate store and print results of ir measurement. using new technology for ir measurement allows to automatic calculation of dar and pi ratio display ir measurement graphically and generate ir measurement reports directly which will help to improve the test objective diagnostic.
company accommodation buildingshould be provided to for all dewa staff bachelors and family seperately and the charges can be deducted from their salary transportation should be provided from the accommodation to theworking location to reduce number of the vehicle in the office location. company accommodation building should be provided to for all dewa staff bachelors and family seperately and the charges can be deducted from their salary transportation should be provided from the accommodation to the working location to reduce number of the vehicle in the office location. currently dewa employees are staying in various locations they are paying huge amount of rent to various landlords moreover lot of vehicles are coming to office transporting them. the buildings can be made by dewa and leased to dewa employees with a minimal profit to dewa the amount of rent can be deducted from dewa salary only even if dewa can profit one thousand aed per month from one accommodation flat for a minimum 1000 flats dewa can get a profit of one million aed per month its an additional income to dewa public or common transports like buses will help dewa employees reduce usage of personal vehicles this reduces fuel usage and promotes a green environment.
exchane of e l balance between employeers. those who have accumulated e l can transfer extra to his colleagues leave account upon mutual understanding later the same may be returned back when the former one requires noticed many times that some staff have more leave balance and some staff struggling with no balance due to family requirements if implemented will benefit both and organisation also. less yearly e l upto grade 12 twenty two days only. 1 increse to thirty days which is reasonable same like other utilities in uae 2 allow exchane of e l balance between employeers.
monthly petty cash of aed five hundred to each zones so that urgent non stock material requirement can be met. monthly petty cash of aed five hundred to each zones so that urgent non stock material requirement can be met. sometimes some materials which is non stock has to purchased to meet urgent requirements at site non availability of such materials may cause increased down time of machines. monthly petty cash of aed five hundred to each zones so that urgent non stock material requirement can be met.
provision of dewa uniform accoding to the climatic as well as work conditions. site staff who is working under hot sun non air conditioned builidngs are also given same uniform which is heavy this leads to earlier exhaustion of staff who is working more over two pair of uniform is not enough for those staff who works in hot sun they have to wash their uniform everyday due to the accumulation of salt from their sweat so provide atleast three uniform for site saff more over light weight cotton uniform can be provided which helps to promote air circulation heat disscipation from bodies effectively. site staff who is working under hot sun non air conditioned builidngs are also given same uniform which is heavy this leads to earlier exhaustion of staff who is working more over two pair of uniform is not enough for those staff who works in hot sun they have to wash their uniform everyday due to the accumulation of salt from their sweat. provide atleast three uniform for site saff more over light weight cotton uniform can be provided which helps to promote air circulation heat disspiation from bodies effectively.
provide equal benefits in the case of health insurance for all dewa staff. provide equal benefits in the case of health insurance for all dewa staff some grades are not receiving benefits of dental and eye coverage through insurance so provide equality in case of insurance so that all employees have equal benefit of dewa insurance for all their requirements especially eye and dental coverage. site staff is facing issues due to non coverage of eye and dental protection. provide equal benefits in the case of health insurance for all dewa staff some grades are not receiving benefits of dental and eye coverage through insurance so provide equality in case of insurance so that all employees have equal benefit of dewa insurance for all their requirements especially eye and dental coverage.
light weight cotton uniform for staff working outdoors. light weight cotton uniform for staff working outdoors. existing uniform is heavy not designed to work in hot weather conditions. light weight cotton uniform for staff working outdoors.
bachelor accommodation for dewa staff. bachelor accommodation for dewa staff. currently residing in various locations transportation requirement is high. bachelor accommodation for dewa staff transportation cost can be reduced.
installation of roof in front of nursery located in dewa warsan office. roof to be provided in front of nursery area from open space to nearby parking shade to cover fully for rainfall or sunroof protection. presently in front of nursey area located in warsan office has no roof. suggesting to provide roof shaded roof with creative posture on the roof.
accommodation for dewa employees. accommodationprovided by the company is the great blessing because u feel free from mentalstresses and a lot of other life disturbing issues and can fully concentrate onoffice related task with full efficiency. dealing withproperty dealers at the end of every tendency contract and rising rent in dubaiincrease mental stress also employee suffer daily while facing crowded traffic on the roads for reaching officesfrom diffrent location from outside dubai sharjah and ajman. dewa can provided accommodationto his employees near to their work place by detecting a suitable amount fromour pays as already such practice exist for the employees living in muhisana.
revision of salary increase and designation of fitters in tem department. fitters are working together with technicians and electricians. low salary compare with others their living cost room rent transportation are very high so they are not maintain their family. revise salary designation and grade as soon as possible.
vertical forest. the project is set to create a new standard for sustainable housing. improvement dewa its image in region may be first to have government concept building for vertical forest first to adopt in the region. dewa to build vertical forest concept buidling supporting sustainability and climate change.
to establish a dewa training center. establish a training center by dewa to train dewa staff out side interested organizations i e univerities companies gcc and middle east african organizations in the field of electrical power technology and management the center can use experts of dewa staff specially seniors and retired and visitors from all around the world and will be equipped with the latest technology equipments for the biggest companies in the field i e siemens abb mitsubishi etc. 1 dewa spend a lot of money to train it is staff out side 2 no guarantee for the quality and adptability of out the side trainings. dewa can invest the money spent in out side trainings to build it is own to control training paths of it is employees ensure the quality and gain income by openning the chance for exterlnals from inside and out side the country.
saturday leave medical card. we are not benificial in medical card most of the hospital we are paying and get treatment we ask you to make it easier. most of the hospital we are paying and get treatment we ask you to make it easier. make medical card universal so that we can use it in all hospitals with out paying fees.
leave salery. all dewa staff should be provided to annual leave thirty days. below six grade not get annual leave 30 days saturday is not including. annual leave is calculate contoniue 30 days.
utilizing existing lcd screen panel board for staff communication gnd floor tcc bldg warsan. effectively utilize existing multiple lcd screen panel board tcc bldg gnd floor as a tcc building staff communication and awareness tool. 1 the lcd screens earlier displayed some statistics for dewa cable lengths ohl lengths ss etc which was initiated during official inauguration of warsan tcc by mandcc division as of now this info is generally not referred to by anyone screens are blinking not working in general and data is not updated for recent years 2 dewa asset of lcd screen panel boards is currently not utilized and adds no value as such 3 there are no lcd screen for staff communication in tcc bldg currently notice boards in tcc bldg in each floor are scattered and do not guarantee visibility by all to ensure communication however ground floor entrance is the place where every occupant staff pass by hence if suggestion is accepted it will serve as an effective communication tool. one it is suggested to utilize the existing lcd screen panel boards as a tcc building staff communication and awareness tool for eg award winner its ceremony pictures social gatherings excellence dgep new dewavision mission hse etc topic etc 2 if required tod and snd can be allotted sharescreens since snd occupies two floors of this building.
reimbursement of earned leave. if the employee don t want to avail the total earned leave days reimbursement for the remaining days into the salary for example in a year if only ten days earned leave applied by the employee for the remaining days dewa can pay him her. might be a burden on the salary budget. the burden might be very less.
compensation for the employees who working more hours or extra duties. many of dewa employees working more hour its than the other employees due to the nature of there work like shift stuff some employees who late after office timing to do some work which requested before the end of duty by time not enough to complete it. many of the employees feel that they are not satisfied due to working extra hours compared with the other stuff in dewa. compensate these people by increase the earned leave balance for them compensation by money compensation by increase the number of short leave for them without the limitation only we can take short leave incase of medical or emergency cases.
special prices discounts for solar panels to be installed at homes for dubai shams project. provide discounted or special prices for customers willing to install solar panels at home to enhance renewable energy and motivate more clients to be part of dubai shams project. installing pv modules in home applicances could be very costly at the same time the taarif rate in electricity is cheap which makes the returned value of the produced energy to be very small and cannot cover the cost of the installation for more than twenty years. to provide special prices or discounts of the solar panels and inverters in which dewa can handle part of the cost to the contractors consultant.
promotion for experienced staff. to promote a staff who has completed more than 10 years service or who has not received any promotion within ten year service in dewa for the next grade. staffs working in the same grade for a long time without promotion is creating mental stress and thus productivity is affected. promote staff to the next grade who has service more than ten years in the same grade.
earth wire stolen. substation door lock replacement. exist door lock is made of aluminums and fixed with either small screw or with small aluminum repeat that can be easily broken by just tempering them or can be easily unscrew them to open the door. by replacing aluminum door lock with complete set of stainless steel and fixed with either steel or with nut bolt it.
manufacturing procuring of electrical gadjets by dewa. dewa can manufacture or procure electrical gadjets which are in the standard required and sell them to dewa customers such items are like bulbs cables sockets extension cables and many more electric items which are regularly used to fix electical problems. dewa comercial customers may buy substandard gadjets which causes increased power trip and sometimes fire at residential places and business premises sometime expensive devices like tv speakers radios to name just but a few blows off hence loss of property sometimes if fire occurs life can also be lost. if dewa start manufacturing their own electrical gadjets or procuring them before marketing them to their customers the above mentioned problem can be solved this is because dewa will manufacture procure products of required quality as well as advice the customers which gadjet to purchase for a particular purpose since dewa has proffessionals for the same field.
inter department technical training for rto staff. real time operation is always in conjuction with different departmental sections this is the only department whose day to day activities are in line with different department it will be very useful for the employ and there by department performance improvement it staff get adequet uptodate training in these department generation transmission protection transmission maint etc. may be shortage of staff during training. training can be done every two year or three year gap.
compensatory off for the shift staff working on public holidays. compensatory off shall be given to employees working in shift on public holidays. at present there is no compensation or benefit for the shift employees working in public holidays while the general duty staff are enjoying the holidays with families and friends the shift staff are oblige to work 24 7 without any additional benefit. compensatory off shall be credited to the leave account of the shift staff those are working in public holidays.
dewa bonus system. every year dewa employees are getting bonus based on their basic salary some of them are getting only one basic others are getting three or more. grade eight and below are getting only one bonus and grade 10 and dbove are getting three and more grade eight and below are also working for authority and infect working very hard in this scenario they are feeling discrimination. all dewa employees should get only one bonus.
caution sign board required at entrance of al warsan office. danger for the person out and in of the office. no sign board available. provide sign board.
sun protection films for dewa vehicles tawasol 13 0310. dewavehicles without sun protection films is one of the main causes of frequent carac maintenance and early damage of vehicle interiors during summer. thereare no sun protection films on dewa vehicles window glasses so vehicleinteriors becomes hot and car ac becomes overloaded due to overwork which is one of the main causes of frequent carac maintenance and early damage of vehicle interiors during summer. dewavehicles interiors can be protected by fixing thirty percent sun protection films onwindow glasses all most all private company organization using sunprotection films on their vehicles window glasses in the uae to keep car interiorscool.
avoiding ss trip by on line modification of the timer. as per the supplier we shall take outage for thirty min to dowiring modification for thirty three ss this to avoid tripping at any time idea changing the setting without an outage instead of modification of wiring by on line modification of the timer. outage for thirty three ss. as per the supplier we shall take outage for thirty min to do wiring modification for thirty three ss this to avoid tripping at any time idea changing the setting without an outage instead of modification of wiring by on line modification of the timer.
pay here machine. fast payment for electricity and water bills twenty four hours available. no problems.
idea that matters. all ideas matter but if any of your ideas having approach of national international significance and dewa sharing similar idea innovations in a events platform by expert of the area in that case you must be invitees along with the supporters of idea as well as the evaluator of the idea to witness the occasion. recently one of my idea atm water generator cum dispenser dated 28 10 2015 was a part may be unknowingly of the 5th dewa creativity and innovation conference organized by dewa on dated 26nov 2015 pl see the attachment as a courtesy call idea person along with the supporters of the idea and idea evaluator must be invited extended invitation? to witness the event? this can be applicable to any idea concept having similar feat in the future they all must be invitees. if any of our idea has been given an opportunity knowingly or unknowingly to be share in any events just like dewa creative conference on nov 26 2015 pl see attachment they all must be a invitees through separate and exclusive invitation to see witness the events along with other dignitaries delivered by the experts of the particular field it will be a courtesy call invitation to them for their unique idea concept.
summary of total time used by employee from one hundred and twenty min for punch in from 7 30 a m to 7 59 a m in every month should be displayed in myportal. as in myportal we only get to display punch in and punch out time but for getting to know how much time remained from one hundred and twenty min for the correct month we have to calculate it personally by summing one by one also with this department coordinator and manager will get the summarized attendance information of employee who are very punctual with the time. as in myportal we only get to display punch in and punch out time but for getting to know how much time remained from one hundred and twenty min for the correct month we have to calculate it personally by summing one by one. department coordinator and manager will get the summarized attendance information of employee who are very punctual with the time also the employees will come to know how much time remained from one hundred and twenty min for the correct month.
bicycle parking in all dewa offices. requesting to provide small space for bicycle parking for the employees who wants to come to office by bicycle this is for all similar benifits like one day without elevator. this will encorage all to save fuel and reduce pollution this keeps person fit and active at work. requesting to provide small space for bicycle parking for the employees who wants to come to office by bicycle.
company tranportation facility bus to work location. company transportation facility bus to work location can charge the expenditure from employees. traffic challenges parking space problem. company transportation facility bus to work location.
opening dewa stores in the malls. open dewa stores in the big malls such as dubai mall city centre and festival city. crowded costumer service areas and low effeniect campiagns. dewa can take advantagte from the big mall space and parking are for costumer service moreover it will improve the distribution channel for dewa campaigns and events and make it closer to the clients.
dewa km meter. monthly report for knowledge management activities and events in dewa that will present progress and success of individuals teams departments and divisions in managing knowledge this report can be communicated in all possible means internally and externally with respect to the relevant policies and procedures the performance measurements that dewa km meter will produce can be a string evidence to support dewa applications for dgep at all levels. presenting the kmachievements at all levels and rewarding employees for their relevant kmefforts and contributions will encourage inspire and motivate them to shareknowledge for best practices with others this will increase the collaborationand teamwork spirit among them to enhance the efficiency exceed the performanceand fly with employees happiness and stakeholders happiness. dewa km meter if marketed well though freejna oloum al dar and internal communications channels will increase the employees desire to share knowledge and learn from each others.
solar control high performance glass in transmission substations. instead of using block walls as partition to separate rooms in the transmission substation solar control high performance glass can be used lvac control and relay battery charger record and telecom rooms can be isolated by this type of glass. constructing block walls can take long time duration in the project block walls rooms consume more energy in temperature conservation high maintenance cost and duration high lighting consumption. using solar control high performance glass.
provide more child care center for children of expatriate dewa staff. provide more child care center for children of expatriate dewa staff. the existing dewa child care centre is full and most of the applications are rejected due to lack of intake capacity. provide more child care center for children of expatriate dewa staff.
empoyee clinic. clinic and a gym. employees diffirent dieseases like headache back pain bd mood blood presher and etc. a specical clinic that alwayes helps the employees in office dieseases amployeend after in the lunch break a private gym so when they finish lunchafter ten or six minutes they will go to the gym and also do a challenge and reward after it so every employee will partisipate.
combined work for transmission equipment operation and maintenance. instead of hiring new assistant engineer why not promote transmission equipment operation to do maintenance and operation same also for equipment maintenance to do operation and maintenance. lack of maintenance staff for tem. instead of hiring new assistant engineer why not promote transmission equipment operation to do maintenance and operation same also for equipment maintenance to do operation and maintenance.
solar sport stadium. to build a one hundred percent solar dependent sport stadium thus omittingthe need for the usual energy sources the material used to build the stadiumshall be from recycled material see attachment. sport stadium in general uses a lot of electricity lighting air conditioning etc the used materials are expensive and not eco friendly. dubai is preparing for expo two thousand and twenty and having such stadiumwill attract crowed to see the first solar dependent sport stadium in theregion the stadium shall be used to host local and internationalsport events.
early punching clockout fifteen minutes for ladies staff. allowing early punching clockout fifteen minutes for ladies staff the same is implemneted already at al ain governemnt entities. rush and trafic on the road arriving late to home. allowing early punching clockout fifteen minutes for ladies staff.
event hall. dewa to build an event hall to be used for dewa events instead renting outside event hall in hotels and can be used for other dewa activities also the hall can be rented to the society and dewa employees. dewa don t have an event hall for their occasions and keep renting costly hotel halls. build multipurpose hall.
do awards website. website contains do awards details such as internal awards also appreciation methods such as certificates and letters to the employees withtheir feedback complains and suggestions to enhance our methods in encouragingthem. some employees still do not have awareness regarding doawards and increase challenge between them to reach their best performance. providewebsite contain detailed information about the awards such as information aboutthe award procedures and how to apply criteria and employees previousexperience feedback to encourage new nominees and increase challenge betweenthem in addition provide survey to gain employees feedback regarding thewebsite and their suggestion or complains regarding excellence team in order toreach sustainable excellence and employees happiness.
saving employees time. i suggest to have a valet parking services early morning from 7 30am to 8 30am in al warsan admin building. due to lack of parking in al warsan admin building employees spent one hour almost daily from 7 30am to 8 30am to find park. to provide a valet parking services early morning from 7 30am to 8 30am in al warsan admin building.
early leave for female employees. to allow the ladies to leave work by 2 20 ten minutes before the men. number of the employees in dewa is increasing and the crowd is increasing as well inside dewa when you punch out and when leaving the work some live nearby but theh couldn t reach home before 30 forty minutes from leaving the authority. allow the ladies to leave ten minutes before the men since this will reduce the q and the trafficoutside dewa by dividing the employees into two groups many government departments do that for their employees.
setting up dewa its independant financial institution dewa bank employing islamic banking. i think it will be very innovative of dewa to setup its own financial institution. the challenge lies in the fact that dewa probably has all financial accounts in different banks of the uae these banks are gaining benefits from dewa its finances deposted in other financial instituions account. i suggest if dewa implements this idea and worked towards setting up its onw financial islamic bank.
payment of dewa electricity bills through landline number. consumer will call dewa customer service land line number and switch to the bill payment desk by dialling paticular extension no dewa bill payment desk will confirm the a c no and inform the due amount consumer will give the credit card necessary details to bill payment desk and they will confirm the consumer about the bill payment status however services charges can be fixed for paying bill through landline by debit credit card. consumers those don d have internet access or limited access thay need to go the allocated bill payment counters only and some time due to big queue or busy schedule for their work they may fail to pay bill at time this may consequence of cutting their electric supply. by this arrangemnet consumer will get the additional facilty for paying bill through landline.
re imbursement of takaful social fund subscription amount. fifty percent of subscribtion amount is not paid to employee who availed any financial facility from takaful 50 percent of subscription amount should be paid to the employees who have taken loan loan without interest and already refunded specially in case of retirement. as per existing procedure 50 percent of the subscription amount is not paid to the employees who have availed any financial support although it is written clearly in the registeration registeration most takaful members are not aware about that and they are satisfied with the option of refunding fifty percent of the regiosteration amount while discharged for any reason. fifty percent of the subscription amount not to be paid to the employees who have availed the financial support assistance which is not refundable but fifty percent of the subscription amount should be paid to the employees who have obtain loan loan without interest and have already refunded recovered.
saving water and saving energy products. reference no 14 0691 the united arab emirates the third largest water consumer after the united states and canada the uae is one of the largest consumers of electricity in the world the air conditioning is one of the most energy intensive it is expected to double the demand for electricity and water in dubai by two thousand and fifteen the cost of buying one liter of oil in the united arab emirates is roughly equal to the cost of buying one liter of water the estimated investment required in the field of electricity in the united arab emirates about eighty billion dirhams over the next eight years to meet growing demand the government plans to increase the capacity amounting to 9 500 mw by more than fifty percent over the next ten years as apart of it is support the sustainability and saving energy dewa can establish new department which can sale saving energy and water products to the consumers and make maintenance service to it in the main time we are increasing the consumer its awareness to the importance of sustainability and saving or resources. the consumption of using the saving energy products is very less if we compare with other products people don t have the awareness of using the saving water and saving energy products. as apart of it is support the sustainability and saving energy dewa can establish new department which can sale saving energy and water products to the consumers and make maintenance service to it in the main time we are increasing the consumer its awareness to the importance of sustainability and saving or resources.
plastic bottles recycle. plastic bottles recycle box bin can be provided at dewa premises. plastic bottles recycle box bin can be provided at dewa premises dewa premises offices specially at jebel ali more staff working and speically at canteens water bottles being used for drinking water juices etc. by providing easy accesible plastic water bottles collecting bins to the people staff will encourage to put bottle inside it instedad of wasting smaller collection points nearby inside office and larger points at relevent suitable place outdoor collected bottles can be send to relevent recycling co and or to dubai muncipality for recycling.
dewa rta and dubai municipality can introduce interactive lighting system for dubai highways. dubai roads which are less travelled can be installed with an interactive lights in order to reduce electricity cost while ensuring night visibility to all car users. some roads in dubai are less frequented by cars but are still well lit dewa and rta can install motion sensor in light poles along less travelled dubai roads. dewa and rta can join force and install an interactive lighting system for less travelled dubai roads light poles can be installed with smart system like motion sensors to detect upcoming cars and light up the poles there are some companies abroad who have the technical expertise to install this system in dubai dewa and rta and maybe dubai municipality can have a comprehensive study of its viability in dubai highway.
pay as you go package for dewa customers. customers will be given an option at the time of registration to choose either pay as you go package or post paid billing package in pay as you go package customers will be asked to choose its credit limit by payment of advance money smart meter will work as a prepaid meter customers consumption will be automatically deducted from his prepaid amount and customer can check his available balance any time through smart app or sms once customers extinguishes his balance and after sending three reminders smart meter will be automatically disconnected once customer top up his account smart meter will automatically reconnect his supply. no hassel of recovering dewa dues. customers will be given an option at the time of registration to choose either pay as you go package or post paid billing package in pay as you go package customers will be asked to choose its credit limit by payment of advance money smart meter will work as a prepaid meter customers consumption will be automatically deducted from his prepaid amount and customer can check his available balance any time through smart app or sms once customers extinguishes his balance and after sending three reminders smart meter will be automatically disconnected once customer top up his account smart meter will automatically reconnect his supply.
spare parts checklist. to avoid any shortage in the routine maintenance work we have to check the spare parts in the vehicle before going to the site the shortage in the spare parts causes obstruction to the work and some times it cost us alot of time to arrange the missed spare part. no spare parts checklist to confirm the correct quality and the quantity of the spare parts. we have to create spare parts checklist to check the availability of all spare parts in the vehicle before moving from the office and to have chance to prepare the missing of spare parts if we have shortage.
single line diagram of primary substations in distribution network. to include the single line diagram of primary stations 33kv stations and 132 11kv 11kv side in the jms job management system tp zone site for the up to date information of the distribution network. presently the single line diagram for 33kv substations and 132 11kv 11kv side are not available in the jms or in tp zone site this is available only in scada spectrum system and the accessibilty is restricted for secondary stations 11 6 6kv the ring diagrams are available along with the substation details but for primary stations 33kv and 132 11kv 11kv side the single diagram of the stations are not available in case of primary ss single line diagrams required especially for the failure investigation and reporting the required data has to collect from the concerned depts do. the updated single diagram of connected circuits at 33kv substaions and 132 11kv 11kv side can be uploaded in jms tp zone site in order to have an access for all staff to understand the present status of the distribution network.
dewa buielding for handicapped. a buielding wil let the handicappes works next to main dubai center for the rehabilitation of the disabled they will work for dewa but next to thier center. they want to devolop but needs help. a buielding wil let the handicappes works next to main dubai center for the rehabilitation of the disabled they will work for dewa but next to thier center and before 2 30 pm send a messenger to collect the work and also make it green buielding too.
retest any repaired cable with vlf pd before re energize it. as recommended by ieee std 400 2 2013 it is recommended to retest any repaired cable with vlf td vlf dtd vlf tdts or vlf pd after repair to assess the workmanship of the repair. this recommendation is not implemented in dewa practice. retest any repaired cable with vlf pd before re energize it.
seat belts mandatory to start the vehicle. this idea will describe if we want to start thevehicle seatbelt must be wear then only vehicle will start it helps to saves invaluablehuman lives against accident. why should wear the seatbelt? v seatbelt saves the lives if you are involved in a collision and you are not wearingseatbelts you are eighteen times more likely to die than someone who does wear a seatbelt v asper the current research recently done by the institute of public health atuae ninety eight percent of passengers in car crashes were not wearing seatbelts v ofthe one hundred and seventy car occupants injured or killed only thirty percentage wearing seatbelts. v tobe avoided this kind of critical situation must be implemented seatbeltmandatory system to start the vehicle here i suggest simple design please seethe attachment of fig 1 1and1 2 v normallyour car starter motors will work on 12v dc as per existing design positive dcvoltage is connected to start key contact then connected to gear lever p n and positive dc voltage will reach to coil point of motor starter the negativedc voltage directly connected to another coil point of motor starter v as per new design refer fig one point two seatbeltscontacts diverandpassenger connected in series with start key andgearlever contacts and then connected to coil point of motor starter whenever needto start the vehicle first we should wear the seat belts then only positivevoltage will reach motor starter by seatbelt contacts without seatbeltwearing vehicle will never start v onepush button to be fixed under the passenger seat with nc normally closedcontacts this nc contacts to beconnected in parallel with passenger seatbelt 2 seatbelt contact because whenthere is no passenger the positive dc voltage will flow by nc contacts bypass and its reach to motor starter the negative dc voltage directly connectedto another coil point of motor starter.
green car for dewa staff. dewa provide staff an offers of buying green cars with high quality service. co2 emmision incress and health problem noise of motors the need for charging station. dewa provide staff an offers of buying green cars with high quality service knowledge and guidness about the technology and best practice in routine life.
reading corner for a mother and her child. in theline with the government announcement of two thousand and sixteen being the reading year it wouldbe great if dewa child care centers would dedicate a reading corner in theircenter to encourage the mothers to read with their children as this wouldincrease their vocabulary and imagination give the mother bonding time withtheir children and boost their happiness. as permy survey that was conducted in february 2015 many of the mothers who answeredit stated that they don t read often with their children and they don t visit libraries. designinga reading corner in dewa child care centers where children would be able to share their favorite book withtheir mothers.
recording dewa events and sharing with employees and stakeholders. dewa can increase and improve its knowledge management intiatives quantitatively and qualitatively by recording dewa events and sharing with employees and stakeholders. some of dewa its important events are organized at dewa headquarters only this prevents employees in other dewa its offices attending the same and benefting from such events employee feels isolated ignored less important. recording dewa events and sharing with employees and stakeholders through dewa portals official and social media channels.
installing flex boards at dewa substations. dewa have lot of substations in prime locations of dubai we can install flex boards for conservation mesage in these locations so that we dont need to pay and have it availible throughout the year. paying for dewa conservation advertisement. dewa have lot of substations in prime locations of dubai we can install flex boards for conservation mesage in these locations so that we dont need to pay and have it availible throughout the year.
live chat assistance for dewa employees in freejna portal. provide an options for chat with an online support live chat doubts related to hr policy grade and entitlement benifits visa process for parents medical etc its good for those employee who is newly joined as well as exisiting employees to interact and exhage informations and clear doubts regarding hr policy entitlement benifits visa process for parents medical etc. nothing. above said.
new kpi in customer service centre complaint resolution happiness rate. at the moment in customer service centre we have a kpi for the number of days the complaint is being closed which i believe does not evaluate the quality of our responses so a new kpi is required for this matter complaint resolution happiness rate. at the moment in customer service centre we have a kpi for the number of days the complaint is being closed which i believe does not evaluate the quality of our responses. a new kpi is required for this matter complaint resolution happiness rate since our management is contacting our customers at the end of the conversation our complaint resolution agent will transfer the call to an automated evaluation thru the phone one question will be asked to our customer which is how happy are you with the resolution press from one to three were one means unsatisfied two means neutral and three means satisfied this way beside calculating the number of days we also measure the resolution quality in the shape of a percentage rate i believe this must be implemented and i hope others agree as well.
dress changing rooms with personal lockers in dewa technical services offices. dewa employees entering and leaving dewa technical services officesdirectly with uniforms due to security reason and employee happiness thereshould be dress changing rooms with personal lockers in dewa technicalservices offices. dewa employees entering and leaving dewa technical services officesdirectly with uniforms this practice is now security concern not sure but suspected for the emirates due to increasing of recent copper wires stealing case in thesub stations another related matter is illegally modifying consumer sinstallations wearing dewa uniforms not sure but suspected while not on duty also there is a possibility of robbery can be predicted in the flats orvillas by the name of dewa sewa services as per news from local newspapers policeand cid will not suspect someone with dewa uniform whether he is engaged in legalor illegal activities due to dewa its twenty four hours service. one uniform is to be used only on duty time two there should be dress changing rooms with personallockers in dewa technical services offices example hospitals supermarket industries construction and cleaning companies etc three restriction can be imposed to employees entering and leavingoffice with uniforms four old uniforms should be deposited before issuing new uniforms.
dewa gym. promote a healthy life style and induce positive energy for dewa employees through getting them involved in a daily physical activity that benefits health and improves blood circulation and reduce psychological issues such as stress depression etc. stressful life style lack of energy high nombers of obesity back pain problems. build a fitness center in the dewa.
innovative application for dewa customers. design a new application for customer smart phone this application will enable the customer to design build their own house with all electrical equipments and water galloon used in the house. 1 dewa customer doesn t have a clear picture of the usage 2 customer its complaints about bill. innovative application for dewa customers.
implement conserving electricity and water tips thru virtual reality. virtual reality users are expected to increase during two thousand and sixteen so an expected trend why not take this opportunity to create an app or add in dewa app the concept of conserving electricity and water tips in the shape of virtual reality experience vr the experience could be in the shape of a house and you walk thru diffrent part of the house and see how you can conserve resources interesting for adults and kids as well. read description. read description.
for better understanding of trainees. for better understanding of trainees in distribution field operation i propose nominal substation numbers as names on the available rmu its available in distribution operation training dot. even though the operations indication of efi and live line indicators not available as the existing rmu its available in dot are non live. these substation numbers can be used as circuits and further switching programs and operations can be shown to trainees similarly evaluation of trainees can be done by providing them the questionaire similar to outage schdule the new trainees will get more awareness and develop thier personal skills and confidence in doing the operations and attending the emergency and no emergency outages.
budget procurement planning and analysis. programming a budget and procurement planning program for management approval and expenses tracking for measuring control. to avoid bad utilization of our budget we need timely tool to monitoring our purchasing plan vs actualpurchasing transactions to achieve the maximum utilization in the right timeand right quantity in the same timeto compile the similar requirement of our units 18 units in one purchaserequisition to get a better price. the designed budget andprocurement program shall beused by the budget coordinator and sub coordinators to achieve maximumutilization of our budget on the planned time comparingthe actual expenses to the planned budgeted monthly basis and report onsignificant variances review proposed budget submissions from department managers for accuracy and completeness compiling the similar requirement of our units 18 units in one purchase requisition to get a better price.
two thousand and sixteen year of reading dewa e library with online audio podcast books for dewa staffs. during this year of learning audio podcasts books can be made available in our dewa e library and can be allowed to stream online through our dewa apps or dewa website exclusively for dewa employee so that we can learn while on the move or at home. reading and learning is not an easy option for many people many prefer to listen and learn listening is also an important way to acquire knowledge many people doens t prefer reading because it was boring and people are distracted by their daily activities but this suggestion will help people to encourage to read or gain knowledge or learn by listening. to encourage staffs for reading we can use listern and learn technique by purchasing podcast audio books of uae leaders authors world leaders and authors or mangement gurus etc listening of audio podcast can be done by enabling new safe and secured online audio streaming services in our website or apps or e library exclusively for dewa staffs audiobooks are considered a valuable learning tool because of their format unlike traditional books or a video program one can learn from an audiobook while doing other tasks such tasks include doing the laundry and exercising indoors among others these podcasts cannot be downloaded as file hence avoiding any infringment.
new office building for dewa dewa. possibly dewa dewa building is not enough foraccommodating employees of all department and sections offices as well as forvisiting customers with parking facilities due to expanding of dewa networksand services activities henceforth require to build a new spacious dewa headoffice building. in the year one thousand nine hundred and ninety four when i joined in dewa i saw therewas only two big buildings in al garhood area one of them was dewa dewaand another was wafi mall now dewa dewa lost its unique identitylike dubai world trade center what was the tallest building of dubai in the crowd of huge tall buildings at that time dewa its networks and services activitieswas limited so dewa office building and its parking area was enough toaccommodate the employees and visiting customers but now dewa its networkincreased covering vast area of dubai due to recent rapid development as aresult work load and manpower of dewa also increased in this contest present dewaoffice building is apparently very much congested employees are working very tight congestedareas perhaps there is no empty spaces to take breath all most all emptyspaces are full filled by various department section offices for theseproblems now establishing a logic to build a new dewa building. one to build a new big wide and tallbuilding with huge multistoried parking areas 2 its design should be unique design like power house as like as dubai port authority like marine ship some images attached with this idea forillustration purpose three it should be connected with dubaimetro line four suitable location for this uniquebuilding could be near al jadaf metro station.
maintenance checklist generation and printing through sap. generation and printing of routine maintenance checklistthough sap rather than customized software which will give all benefits ofstandard cmms. at present routine maintenance checklist is generated byrcm software which includes following equipment details task no and details task frequency man hour etc now the problems are rcm software prints equipment details onchecklist based on master data of software and this data is not up to datebecause now all master data is updated in sap and it is not advisable to maintainto master data source it is time consuming and tedious job to addnew task in existing checklist which is the frequent requirement for rcm as itis living program software is slow and it requires more manhour to print checklist. to avoid duplication of master data and to make thingseasy to modify and upgrade i suggest to generate and print the routine maintenancechecklist though sap which is quite possible i casually checked with sapteam.
dewa marathon day. sport day for running. increase heathy invirointment between employees. doing excerises will help to reduce desease between employees.
routine maintenanse for rmu at 0715h should be only for dewa lvdb not for pvt lvdb related. routine maintenanse for rmu at 0715h should be only for dewa type of lvdb not for pvt lvdb related because mosttally at mornning time pvt electrision is not available and we are facing problem to contact with pvt party second there is less time to arrange electrision supervisor if not available. for releasing rmu at 0715h mostally pvt con electrision is not availlabel and so many outage got delayed. arrange outage for dewa type lvdb at 0715h and 1045h for pvt lvdb related provide contact no in shedue if any outage related to consumer.
dewa to take agency of selling electric vehicles. dewa can take agency of ev manufacturer and sell electric vehicles in uae dewa can sell complete package of electric vehicle manufacturer like tesla geely byd who have no agency in uae can be contacted. diversification of dewa business and its revenues. dewa can take agency of ev manufacturer and sell electric vehicles in uae dewa can sell complete package of electric vehicle manufacturer like tesla geely byd who have no agency in uae can be contacted.
generation of electricity from kinetic energy. there is lot of traffic on dubai roads as well as metro and tram are operating in dubai the vehicles metro and tram at the time of applying brakes produces kinetic energy which can be converted into electrical energy and electricity can be produced i suggest that dewa should do a research on this project and implement this project in coordination with rta this project will help in dubai its stratrgy for dubai integrated energy strategy two thousand and thirty and it should be included in dies 2030 if found feasible. there is lot of traffic on dubai roads as well as metro and tram are operating in dubai the vehicles metro and tram at the time of applying brakes produces kinetic energy which is currenty not utilized. there is lot of traffic on dubai roads as well as metro and tram are operating in dubai the vehicles metro and tram at the time of applying brakes produces kinetic energy which can be converted into electrical energy and electricity can be produced i suggest that dewa should do a research on this project and implement this project in coordination with rta this project will help in dubai its stratrgy for dubai integrated energy strategy two thousand and thirty and it should be included in dies 2030 if found feasible.
adding illustrative flow charts to dcc qp07 responce to distribution occurrence procedure. preparing and adding decission making flow charts which descibe each commplicated section in the dcc qp07 to the attachement chapter chapter 9 of the dcc qp07 these follow charts could be used as a quick refrence of the dcc qp07 in case of any doubts during occurrences. one refering to dcc qp07 clauses during occurrences is difficult because of time limitation and stress 2 there is a chance of misunderstanding of dcc qp07 due to language barrier and difficulty of explaining technical and logical concepts in a written language. decission making flow charts that explain and simplfy dcc qp07 which could be utilized as a quick reference of dcc qp07 for example a flow chart that describes clause six point eight 11kv and 6 6kv ohl or combination of ohl and ugc feeder triping in dcc qp07 is attached in this idea proposal.
rupper gasket around chequered plate inside 11kv substation. covering the edges of all chequered plates inside 11kv substations to protect mv lv cables. most of chequered plates scratches the cables specially in transformer and rmu areas. covering the edges of all chequered plates inside 11kv substations to protect mv lv cables.
dewa safety and security smart app for emergency reporting. a unified dewa smart reporting application can effectively reduce the operations delay time of a emergency situation like fire water flood theft case and explosions etc smart app can integrated with an emergency button along with google map can identify the location very easy for all emergency teams like dubai police and civil defense emergency button on the app can give an alert to all the application users who its patrolling near to the stations and the dewa emergency management along with the full location details in one click app chat window can use as a direct reporting channel from the site to the control centers as well as other dewa patrolling staffs who nearby available on help. multiple call reporting and location identification difficulties during the emergency situation can cause major damages. a unified dewa smart reporting application can effectively reduce the operations delay time of a emergency situation like fire water flood theft case and explosions etc smart app can integrated with an emergency button along with google map can identify the location very easy for all emergency teams like dubai police and civil defense emergency button on the app can give an alert to all the application users who its patrolling near to the stations and the dewa emergency management along with the full location details in one click app chat window can use as a direct reporting channel from the site to the control centers as well as other dewa patrolling staffs who nearby available on help.
hologram automated reception at dewa branches. set up hologram reception at dewa branches providing a more lively and interactive environment for customers an innovative way to welcome and guide customers please see attached video for idea description. customer awareness on smart services. an innovative solution the hologram can be used for customer assistance or to promote smart services touch display can be placed beside the hologram display for customers to select and the recorded hologram can present the requested detail note dubai airport has also utilized this technology.
innovation points shall be displayed in your page of mydewaideas. every staff innovation points shall be displayed in of mydewaideas your page. you cannot rankyourself in numbers specially in innovation points comparing with topinnovators in the system. staff innovation points shall be displayed in your page of mydewaideas.
do departmental magazine for internal circulation. articles both general and technical fromemployees could be compiled into the internal magazine an editorial team willbe responsible for collection and compilation of the write ups from employees. lack of motivation for creative writing and reading habit among the employees due to routine activities. implementation of the internal magazine will develop employee writing skills and talents it will provide motivation to think out of the box.
provide a smart learning of sign language. to provide smart training for all employees using sign languageto increase the awareness of employees of how to deal with ppl with disabilities. increase the awareness how to deal with people withdisabilities. to provide smart training for all employees using sign language to increase the awareness of employees of how to deal with ppl with disabilities.
electronic program using the uae id. developing an electronic program to avoid a repeat of employment applications and easy access to the request and archive files electronically by linking the id card with the information bank which is part of department of administration and finance. repeat of employment applications. developing an electronic program for easy access to the request and archive files electronically by linking the id card with the information bank which is part of department of administration and finance.
generating proper documentation for 33kv pilot wire protection pilot circuits. preparing drawings to illustrate the connection of pwp pilot circuit in 33kv substations in addition to providing organized data of the relays at both ends. pwp termination panels in 33kv substation contain more than a circuit in each panel the way circuits are identified is only through handwritings on the door of the panels and there is no proper indication of the circuits terminals that connect pilot wires this poor identification may cause opening pwp terminals of other circuits by mistake during pwp on load test moreover with no proper reference to the correct connection of the pilot wires they can be connected reversely which might cause false tripping. generate pilot wire protection termination drawing for each panel showing the terminals that connect pwp wires and provide information about the relays at both ends as shown in the sample attached these drawings are to be placed on the door of the panel and in the office for reference place a sticker on the top of each terminal showing the respective circuit name any modification on the pilot circuits including rerouting or connecting to different terminals are to be reported back to dpm in order to update the documentation as required.
conduct conservation awareness its for maids. dewa is arranging various number of conservation awareness sessions at schools universities tv etc however still there are some customers having high consumption which may indicates that the adoptions of tips conveyed by dewa are not fully full filled by all customers members or properly utilized one of the main players in this issue are the maids where if a study made it may show that they are the main players who miss use the utilization of water and electricity at houses as the bill is not paid by them knowing that the main role falls on the house owners to educate their maids but it would be useful and wealthy if dewa also target the maids apart of their campaigns and encourage them toward conservation in using water and electricity through their conducted awareness this perhaps may have a positive impact on society and further enhance dewa image. maids are one of the main who waste water and electricity due to their less awareness about its important and as the bills are not paid by them results wastage of recourses and high bills received by customers due to miss use of water and electricity. a second party voice dewa to conduct awareness sessions carryout visits to houses to explain to maids about the important of water and electricity and give them directions on how to reserve and proper utilize these recourses.
eletter from dld dubai land department for accommodation entitlement. dewa to facilitate its staff byway of partnership and understanding with dubai land department dld by validatingstaff its emirates id when they apply to dld for obtaining letter of propertyownership for the purpose of accommodation entitlement many ideas to this effect has already been thoughtfullypetitioned here herein i join them only to reinforce their appeal for happiness sake. for dewa staff eligible for accommodation entitlement there is a procedural requirement by bs and hrd to submit a letter issued by dld stating if the applicant has land property ownership in dubai this letter is to be obtained from dld upon producing emirates id after which the letter is issued at a fee as the only document requirement by dld for issuing the letter is the sighting of applicant its emirates id the practice can be efficiently handled by dewa on dld its behalf by validating the emirates id and accordingly advise dld electronically subsequently dld can advise issue the said letter to dewa electronically thereby we can do away with the need of a hardcopy letter which is the current practice also we can avoid the need for short leave that might have to be taken by the applicant save time and energy and reduce carbon emission furthermore this new approach will support government partnerships and the smart government eservices agenda of dewa and dubai. dewa to authenticate emirates id of the applicant dewa staff on behalfof dld to enable their accommodation entitlement application and accordingly advicedld electronically subsequently dubai land department to issue the requestedletter electronically.
enhanced customer classification. customer classification at utilities is used for improved cost allocation target marketing and business development forecasting and planning improved allocation of operational resources strategic policy decision making. current dewa uses rate category residential commercial industrial government etc as primary customer classification premise type e g villas flats etc is secondary classification which mainly reflects the type of premise of electricity water supply the two types are not necessarily inter related as such the ability to conduct very detailed analysis and subsequent use of results in strategic planning and decision making is limited. modern utilities around the world use multi layer 4 5 levels of classification hiearchical classification based on standard industrial classification sic coding system this customer classification allows to conduct detailed analysis and as a result offer better planning and operations related decision making and customer services options it is proposed that dewa develops and adopts a similar detailed customer classification which will enhance current current classification system.
substations emergency solar power system. emergency solar system in 11 6 6kv distribution substations to provide independent power source for 24hrs. if the transformer is off damaged no power supply will be available for lights inside substation field operation and maintenance teams will be in danger as it will be dark place they will need a generator to switch lights on to start repairing. implement an emergency solar power system which will make sure that power supply is independent and available in any circumstance.
cooling pocket substations. cooling system to circulate air inside substation room which will decrease the temperature inside the substation in summer. in dubai the weather in summer is very high temperature is between 43c to 48c inside substation the temperature is more higher worker will not be able to enter inside substation. build a controlled exhaust fan instead of the upper ventilation because warm air will raise up this will operate when temperature reach certian limit 50c fan will be powered using solar panel with direct connection without the need of battery.
providing hangger in mdg its for holding neutral loop cable and ppe. provide hanger inside mobile diesel generators for holding neutral loop cable and personal protective equipment ear protector gloves. cable missing cable sleeve damaging and personal protection. i suggest to provide hanger inside mdg for holding neutral loop cable so that the cable dont go missing and cable slleve dosent get damaged.
speed bumps as a source of green energy. the idea is to use vehicles weights to generate electricity when it is crossing the speed bumps. dubai has a huge number of vehicles which consumes considrable amount of fossil fuel and increases the carbon emission. these days there are many mechanisms to utilize the vehicles weights during speed bumps which is considered as free green energy source the most possible mechanisms are a crank shaft mechanism b roller mechanism c rack and pinion mechanism d piezoelectric mechanism e hydraulic mechanism f air compression mechanism note the system is not costly and we can try it in sheikh zayed road or any other crowded road.
dewa literature festival event internal with reading and writing centric approach. dewa should organize internal a literature festival for its own community with read write centric approach this literature festival a week long festival but once in a year roam around activities related to read write even those who want to demonstrate their own literary talent perhaps many of us have this hidden talent will give one unique platform to share. we are celebrating year two thousand and sixteen as a reading year more and more of us should incline towards reading writing a well coordinated efforts is absence in this direction reading to ignite our reading interest. a literary festival also known as book festival or writers festival should be a regular events gathering where we can invite renowned writer along with our own internal writer on the stage venue event to showcase their literary work this festival will be like retreat to promote read more and demonstrate our own writer hidden skill.
dewa sign board at aweer roundabout on hatta oman road for directing towards ruwaiya new offices. dewa sign borad at aweer round on hatta oman road to direct staff towards dewa garage and asset mangement department. staff on oreintation or any staff coming to visit new office of asset mangement deparment at ruwaiya for any work many staff are geting confused while reahing on round about as no dewa sign board is avalaible there to direct them with proper direction. it will safe time and make visitors happy.
access in pk kiosk for temporary cable. made small holl in pk kiosk for temporary cable due to safety purpose. regarding for provided temporary supply due to cable fault andtsm mariage we are laying cable trough gate of pk kiosk and rest this gate open closed temporary by wire then this situation very risk for allandunsafe position. if make one porthole for emergency used like mfp we get safely position.
new ring main unit using vaccum technology for improving system reliability safety and reducing environmental effects. now dewa is using sf6 gas and oil insulated ring main units in 11kv distribution system where sf6 sulphur hexa fluoride which contains fluorine gas as we all know most destructive gas for atmosphere ozone layer and not safe for environment as well as human beings in case of gas leak or any explosion in case of oil rmu its is found that not safe for operations some times when there is some kind of leaks are present or any fault in the system which may affect the personnel safety or even fatality of engineers operators handling the system as dewa being one of the best utility supplier and is considering environment very much in our values and safety of personnel and equipment in our mission it is desirable to use vaccum technology in ring main units and air insulation in eleven kv system. as mentioned above we are using sf6 gas which is having adverse affect on atmospere environment in some oil type rmu systems there is not oil level indicator which is purely not safe for operator at higher temeprature and changing atmosphere conditions. 630a 20ka 3sec at 12kv and 630a 16ka 3sec at twenty four kv design as per iec 62271 1100 102 200 304 rmu system like xiria eaton make which is very green and environment friendly using vaccum technology maintenance free intrinsically safe compact and automation ready in safety aspects it is having full safety interlock self supporting protectionrelay iac afl lsc2b pm more than thirty thousand operations are possible in this unit and as vaccum technology is using it is most safe to operating personnel than present system this system even can be use combined with scada and having wip relay connection set up and environment friendly thus strongly supports our mission and values.
childcare center sticker. i suggest to do a sticker for a cars family of childcare center just to allow them to enter the around area of center to taking child its or coming down. the traffic on the area are danger of child its life because the drivers stop their cars randomly just to clock in specially in morning. one sticker for a family cars 2 memo include not allows other cars enter the area when the parking full of cars.
name plate fixing on tr ansformer and lvdb. each and every equipment is require proper and permanent labelling for identification identification label is very important for the transformer and lvbd for releasing transformer or lvdb for any emergency or routine work. while introducing new substation always we are using double side tap for fixing name plate on transformer and its private lvdb after sometime due weather condition the double side tap will loose its sticking property and the plate will miss from the equipment transfomer lvdb problem as follow 1 in future its very diffcult to idenify the transformer and its lvdb for any work two at the time of emergency restoring process will take more time 3 without the name plate identifying transformer and its lvdb leads to outage unwanted interruption to the consumer. 1 proper and standard screw facility to be provided on transformer meter unit and its lvdb the time of inroducing or rmu of trs 2 quality printed sticker to be provide with high stiking property.
hayakum initiative. i would like to propose the hayakum initiative the initiative proposes placement of display boards similar to the star accreditation boards at the entrances of all customer service centers these boards will list all value added services provided at each customer service center and thus help in highlighting all services introduced to better serve our customers 6 0pt margin left 9 0pt text align justify text justify kashida text kashida 0 percent line height 115 percent. customers not completely aware of services offered at various dewa branches. text kashida 0 percent direction rtl unicode bidi embed.
enhancing safety of bicycle riders inside japs. bicycle riders at japs need to wear fluorescent jackets along with safety helmet while riding bicycles inside the power station dewa employees as well as contractors. 1 safety of bicycle riders are endangered inside the plant due to other vehicles like cars and other heavy vehicles though it was not reported by anyone many nearmisses have happended in the past known during oral interviews from employees 2 there is no safety specification for bicycles inplace enforced. 1 bicycle riders at japs need to wear fluorescent jackets along with safety helmet while riding bicycles inside the power station it has to be made mandatory for all the bicycle riders 2 also there shall be a safety guidleines for cycles like a front light b reflective tapes on front and back forks c rear light or reflector.
to improve m station fire fighting water system healthiness and relability. in m station fire finghting network water pressure indicator andmonitoring transmitter to dcs is not available so provide one pressure transmitter to receive pressure signal of fire fighting water to dcs this can help us to keep close monitor of network and keep the system always healthy condition. we dont have pressure transmitter or signal for the fire fighting network water so its diffcult to keep the system at proper working pressure and difficult to monitor other pumps are jack and air compressor are starting and stopping on currect set pressure due to improper monitoring system fire fighting pressure some times going high due to failure of automation this creat fire fighting underground pipe damage. provide fire fighting network water pressure to mointor transmitter in field provide fire fighting networ water pressure to dcs and make high low warning alarm in dcs.
enhancing lso procedures. its about two things 1 limit supllier invoices to twenty invoice per banch 2 change payment method from chq to bank transfers. one supporting all invoices from the same listwill lead to increase the amount of invoice supported also there is chance oflosing invoices in addition in case of stop payment because of any case thefull payment will be stopped 2 printing chq wewill face issues like delay in payment of losing chq elc. one limiting the invoice into twenty per each listis better because it will give us more control in processing the invoices inaddition dividing invoices avoid us to stop full payment because in case ofissues happened we will stop temporary this list not the full list this willavoid dewa in future facing problem with supplier in closing the accountbecause of payment issues 2 payment with bank transfer will faster efficient and effective also it will avoid us in case of chq return or sentto mail office which will delay the payment themain reason of doing this is our believing to enhance dewa image and increasingthe stockholder happenings.
implementing the concept of happiness as a kpi within the customer care center. referring to the concept of happiness that is introduced by our government leaders and was strongly supported during the world government summit manly through formulating the minister of state for happiness i herby suggest to implement the concept of happiness within the customer care center within the below methedology. highlight the importance of implementing the concept of happiness within the customer care center for all our concerns as they are listed as ccc customers ccc employees ccc supporting departments such as the itd billing others. to introduce and measure the customer happiness as a kpi that is measurable and requires a sustainable improvement plan mainly through the ivr system employee happiness as a major concept within the customer care center that should be internally measured on a half year based and supported with an improvement plan supporting department happiness.
best practices of the other departments through the new employee. anauthority as dewa needs to do a continuous benchmarking in all field within theauthority therefore there could be a concerned brainstorming sessions for thenew joiners who have already experience in other departments we can do thistwice a year by gathering them and asking for what they think should be implementedin dewa based on their previous experience avoiding giving the conditionalinformation they should tell after that they can gather all information and filter which could be implemented. some departments apply other systems or procedures that could be used in dewa for improvement. by this brainstorming we can get as much as best practices we can.
provide fire extinguisher and first aid box. provide fire extinguisher and first aid box for all stand by generators. presently there is no fire extinguisher and first aid box in our stand by diesel generators. i suggest to provide fire extingisher and first aid box in all stand by diesel generators.
book token for walkin customers through smart app. to reduce the customer waiting time in th ecsutomer service center we can add an option in the smart app where customer can book a token while he is on the way to save his waiting time in teh center. waiting time in the customer servcice center. applying this idea will reduce the customer wating time and to dewa it will be in line with our role in dubai as smart city.
love food hate food waste campaign in dewa. food waste at global level astonishing many countries are struggling against this waste problem idea is about to launch a campaign against food waste we can put picture pictogram slogan at appropriate place such canteens in dewa and create an awareness through internal communication habit of no to food waste should be integral part of life. food wastage is one of the most critical problems the world faces and it is entirely because of the apathy of the haves while the have nots cannot even hope for one square meal a day a lot of food is going into land fill as waste many countries in world witnessing this phenomenon some highest per person food waste in world. awareness and drive campaign against this food waste must be given it is crucial to educate people about not wasting food and from a kindergarten age we educate children in dews nursery against food waste.
hassel free pay slip. receiving each month through e mail. as per existing process all emplyee are receiving e mail that salary for the month of xxxxx 2016 is processed please check ess to view your payslip within few min employee are start checkingpay slip through ess resulting long queue in request to dewa server and tooklong time to response also effect the other work in order avoid this situationmanagement it forced to keep the mention link disable for time being employee then force to wait till the link make activate. along with existing auto generated e mail from dewa payslip instead of sending link pdf format of pay slip for that month can be send as attachement so employee will check their pay slip from mail as per their convinent.
smart idea submission. to submit ideas innovation suggestion through dewa smart mobile application in existing application we can include another tab to submit ideas by using employee login. currently we need to access intranet to post ideas whenever we gets a spark of idea its not possible to submit at the same point. by adding the additional tab in current mobile application controlled by employee login it will help the employee to post ideas from anywhere and anytime its always hard to memories record ideas till we reaches office to submit.
housing fees additional text in dewa green bill. providing new text addition of housing fees calculation definition in dewa green bill will enhance customer experience and reduction of customer queries and complaints. most observed customer queries and complaints are related to housing fees mentioned in dewa green bill customers are still unaware about the method used in calculating housing fees by dubai municipality. idea is to add a new text in dewa green bill next to housing fees field mentioning about the 5 percent of the annual rent amount divided in twelve monthly installments contact dubai municipality for further details refer attached.
linking landbase parcels with approved site plan. to link with approved site plan for landbase parcels in dewa gis. 1 need to collate site plan for each parcel id 2 link that site plan using arcgis environment. 1 to take all site plans from dm or other approved agencies.
online token booking using the website or dewa app. dewa is providing a full smart platform through the website or the app for the customers to serve them answer their inquires and solve their complains however some customers are preferring to visit our customer service centers on using the dewa smart services by applying the online token booking customers can book a token through the website or dewa app on a date and time they preferred to avoid any unnecessary delays and reduce waiting times. some customers are preferring to visit our customer service centers on using the dewa smart services which may create waiting time for them depending on the number of customers will be served. customers can use the dewa website or app to book a token theycan chose date and time customer service center location the type of service for example move in move out bill payment etc in addition they canselect the customer type if it is personal customer or business customer tocategorize them and help them in a better way after they ve have filled allthe information they will receive an email to confirm the booking and if theyhave to bring along with them any required documents a specific desk in all customer service centers can be selectedto service the customers who booked a token online as a beginning we canstart with one customer service center for example the dewa it can be quit flexible by giving the customer who booked atoken online five to ten minutes from the time he she has selected to show up inthe service center for avoiding delays on other customers.
shoe organizer for females prayer room at the head office. the idea is to provide a shoe cabinet for females prayer room at the head office so that the shoes are properly organized before entering the room. the problem is that the slippers and shoes are disorganized since the female prayer room lacks a shoe organizer they are being put in an improper way which gives an unpleasant idea about the place. the solution is to provide a shoe cabinet or a shoe organizer next to the prayer room.
reading seminar. in line with the vision of h h sheikh mohammad bin rashidand uae government to make two thousand and sixteen as year of reading supporting and encouraging all people to read books through different initiatives.  thisidea aims to encourage people to read and attract all dewa staff to introduce theimportance of the read book and its role in the renaissance of the community pointing to review the books and discuss through the use of attractive methodssuch as convert written works to the theater and bureaucracy to poetry hostingwriters and authors will be required to encourage the staff to attend andparticipate in the seminar activity this simenar can be conducted as a sepperate event or included in events such as safety week.
a pedestrian crossing for dewa employees pedestrians walk around. there are so many dewa employees working at head office andparking their vehicles in cinema parking due to less parking spaces at headoffice employees has to walk long distance from parking to head office or head office to parking area they also have to cross road between head office andcinema which is not convenient to cross and traffic is moving very fast on thisroad. 1 accident 2 traffic. in order to avoid possibility of accident and any mishap it is suggested that dewa can coordinate with rta to make a pedestrian crossing for employees either by fly over or on ground to facilitater the staff.
dewa vehicles to be on sale for dewa staff. i believe that the dewa cars are sold at auctions after getting old. maybe dewa staff can purchase them and use them because there might be some staff with low income cannot purchase a new car. before taking the cars to the auctions list of the cars to be submitted by internal email with price and the contact person of the in charge to purchase paper works such as undertaking letter and finalize the transfer of owner.
sustainable electrical tariff plan for industries. electrical tariff plan that charges customers for kvarh based on kvah maximum metered demand. presently dewaelectrical tariff included only active energy kwh consumed by industrialcustomers nothing is being charged for reactive energy kvarh consumed presenttariff plan leaves customer to consume reactive kvarh free of charge thisreactive energy is generated in power plant or with capacitor banks insubstations power factor correction with capacitor bank at substation costs more over reactive power is burden on system and increases losses. an electrical tariff that charges kvarh based on kvah maximummetered demand will encourage customer to operate at improved power factor andpenalize customer operating at low power factor these tariff structure are commonlyapplied in europe and many other parts of world.
misuse of punching card tawasol 13 1012. by implementing figure print scanner punching machine. one short leave punching by another employee in his absence two overtime another employee punch its his card due to lack of monitoring three during annual vacation chance of co employee punching on behalf four cost for printing id card if damage or mishandled. one misuse of dewa id card cost cutting 2 avoid cctv camera monitoring of punching three cost saving in damage or replacement of dewa id card four avoid mishandling by colleagues in his absence 5 misuse of id card cost saving in overtime annual leave.
solar pannels can be commissioned on the parking roofs. dewa having lot of parking space at different offices this parkings can be provided with solar panels instead of roofs this panels will generate electricity which can be used for offices with in and parking places also. solar pannels are having very less maintenance. can be maintained with less cost.
motivating rewarding customers to pay bills faster. customers who pay their dewa bills within a specific amount of time days since the date of billing should be rewarded with points these accumulated points can be redeemed by the customer as discounts on dewa bills mai dubai vouchers energy saving lamps etc etc. customers do not feel any kind of happiness in paying their utility bills customers are mostly busy with their day to day life activities that they tend to forget or show delay to pay their utility bills. a rewarding system would motivate customers to pay their bills faster and thus would be a part of their natural habit discounts on utility bills can be rewarded to customers mai dubai vouchers can be rewarded indirectly advertising the product of its standard and quality energy saving lamps can be rewarded bringing about an awareness in customers about energy saving methods water saving devices can be rewarded bringing about an awareness in customers about water saving methods.
new feature in happiness meter. to a add a live video recorded for the customer to show his real face expression out of the service provided by the branch. we would love show case the real customer feedback from his her face expressions and words to thank dewa or complain or request a suggestion. add an extra option to stream a live video which will be recorded for the customer face upon his her acceptance to record a selfie video to thank complain suggest to us this video will be recorded and used for our official use with customer approval.
online automatic payment. add an online automatic payment option through dewa onlinesystem and smart application when the customer register online customer canchoose an option automatic payment so his bill will be pay automatically everymonth no need to login every time and pay. some customers always forget to pay their bill so dewadisconnect their electricity or water some customers are facing online problems so they can not paytheir bill on time and they can not use other method of payment. customers will not forget to pay their bill and will not face any disconnection.
using google glass to locate valves in the water network. using googleglasses to locate the buried or flooded valves by using ar technology augmentedreality. duringbreakages or even in normal situations valves in the water network are beingburied under sands or flooded with water this could delay the process ofisolation which means flooded streets in case of any delay. by connectingthe glasses with dewa its gis through customized ar app the field operator shallbe able to locate the water network valves easily and faster.
cardiopulmonary resuscitation cpr training. train all dewa staffs for cardiopulmonary resuscitation cpr atleast for the field staff. emergency life saving. cardiopulmonary resuscitation cpr is a lifesaving technique useful in many emergencies including heart attack in which someone its breathing or heartbeat has stopped.
link plot site plan to dewa gis landbase pacels. provide hyperlink for plot site plan in dewa gis which will helpfull to all dewa gis users who want to analyze and retrieve the plot site plan details in any time. 1 collating site plans. 1 identify site plans for each parcel its 2 collate all site plans in one folder 3 provide hyperlink for site plan each and every parcel id.
recycling greywater at home. promote the use of recycling gadgets and techniques at homes to reduce the water consumption. lack of fresh water resources in the uae. an initiative to in partnership with greywater recycling gadgets vendors to promote the use of this techniques in homes and thus reduce the water consumption.
sap database for ongoing contractor works near transmission services. a sap database of ongoing contractor works with patrolling and noc related all information can be established patrolling staff engineers will update the databse as per the daily site information tlp action site observation any customized report including patrollers daily report and engineers weekly report can be generated from the databse. currently no any digital centralized record system for 132kv line protection works patrolling staff daily action and observation detail digging any information for ongoing previous working contractors and transmission line protection status is time consuming different type of daily weekly special report need to prepare with almost same information in different pattern which wastes time and labor no any instantaneous monitoring system availble for working contractors tlp staff activity. a sap database of ongoing contractor works with patrolling and noc related all information can be established patrolling staff engineers will update the databse as per the daily site information tlp action site observation customized report including patrollers daily report and engineers weekly report can be generated from the databse.
to add one more option in mydewaideas page calledrewarding system. this option will give clear idea about the rewarding details of each suggestion separately and based on which calculation he she will be rewarded this amount of money when the rewarding will be done how many points he she will receive how much he she will receive in his her pay slip. rewarding system is not clear for all staff especially the details of each suggsetion. to add one more option in mydewaideas page calledrewarding system.
solar powered trash can. installing solar powered trash can with trash compactors that alert disposal companies when full this idea was implemented in the city of philadelphia and had an inmediate cash flow avings of one million usd in the first year the trash cans which are emptied daily can be collected once a week thanks to the compactor inside leadeing to fewer trips by garbage trucks and decresing fuel use and emissions by eighty percent. unnecessary trips by garbage trucks to empy half full cans are eliminated creating a more efficient trash removal process. installing solar powered trash can with trash compactors that alert disposal companies when full this idea was implemented in the city of philadelphia and had an inmediate cash flow avings of one million usd in the first year dewa could be the manufacturer and provider of these trash cans and make revenues by selling them please note that i am not suggesting that dewa should do waste management which is a responsibility of dubai municipality a member of the supreme council of energy as dewa.
energy from animal waste. developing a pilot project to generate electricity from camel manure. it has been estimated that livestock manure contributes about 240 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent of methane to the atmosphere and represents one of the biggest anthropogenic sources of methane considering that methane is the second biggest contributor to global warming after carbon dioxide it is imperative that ways and means are developed to capture as much of the anthropogenic methane as possible there is a major associated advantage of methane capture its use as a source of energy which is comparable in cleanness to natural gas the present review dwells upon the traditional ways of methane capture used in india china and other developing countries for providing energy to the rural poor it then reviews the present status of methane capture from livestock manure in developed countries and touches upon the prevalent trends. developing a pilot project to generate electricity from camel manure this is done thorugh digesters similar projects have taken place in vermont california and colorado by microgy.
lids for sustinable worlds. mai dubai implement a prompting campaign in which mai dubaicompany encourage the customers to collect the water bottle cap to collect itand return it back to the factory or sales point and exchange it with newbottle or rewards. first problem it is known worldwide that the plastic lid is not easy torecycle and many recycling factory does not accept recycling this the reason is that lids typically are not made from the samekind of plastic as their containers and therefore should not be mixed togetherwith them some recycling programs do accept plastic caps and lids butusually only if they are off their containers completely and batchedseparately thus it is hard to believe but true in mostlocales the responsible consumers are the ones who throw their plastic capsand lids into the trash instead of the recycling bin second problem mai dubai new in the water market and still not dominatingthe market share. mai dubai implement a prompting campaign in which mai dubai company encourage the customers to collect the water bottle cap to collect it and return it back to the factory or sales point and exchange it with new bottle or rewards.
medicine alarm. to ensure dewa employees satisfaction and keeping theirhealth i suggest that dewa recommends their staff to put a notification ontheir outlook and smart phone to remind them of their medicine appointment. fora better healthy life. i suggest that dewa recommends their staff to put anotification on their outlook and smart phone to remind them of their medicine appointment a survey should be sent to all employees who have regularmedication so they can fill it and send it to the it department who will addthe notification to their outlook.
speling check in my dewa idea pportal. spelling check. when we type directly in mydewaidea portal it is nor showing spelling and grammar check. on above text formatting spelling check future also can be added.
self illuminated led street light. cost saving street lighting new technology. street light cost lot of energy consumption. makes street lighting easier and more affordable see attachement.
creative maps instead of writing sentences. we can see dewa initiatives vision mission motto values and strategy map by using creative maps instead of writing sentences stakeholders forget easily otherwise creative map anybody can remind and understand it. most of people forget the sentences and words but photos no. the creative map is applicable anywhere and for any purpose.
sticker for modification of lucy mering units. sticker shall be provided on each lucy metering unit with movable vt for modification works at site with below information defect observed date and value db modified on defect after modification db defect attended after modification recurrent defect observation db replacement date. upon idenifying defect on lucy meering units it ia diffucult to know whether the unit was modified or not for cm and for emergency team if modified when was modified etc tracking of modification at site is difficult for condition monitoring team as well as for emergency team. with the help of sticker it will be easily identified the unit has been modified and recurrent usd is still persisting or not from same source and desision could be taken for replacment at site itself if defect persisted cm group can mention in checklist for its replacment upon persisting of usd from same source after attending one time after modification and it will be easy for datacenter team also to mention for replacment in nod even workshop will be knowing that unit has been modified and attended again and usd still persisted upon recieving unit they can raise same to manufacurer and decide wheher to scrap or overhaul such unit.
calories intake and its display labeled along with food. today is world health day focusing on diabetes every process packed food should contain nutrition values including calories total its a part of compliance requirement we must display calories intake along with food maybe in the form of chart what we eat calories intake in all dewa canteen. when it comes to maintaining a healthy weight for a lifetime the bottom line is calories count! one of the reason for obesity is calorie intake and obesity can be directly link to diabetes. the display of calories intake is the solution of many health issues and maybe it will lead to a better weight management the rough estimation chart of calorie along with food items must be display at the prominently place inside all the dewa canteen.
clearsuppliers pending invoices. the idea is aboutcreating team to solve invoices issues and continuo tracking the invoices whichwill avoid us in future to have too many pending invoices additionally itwill increase satisfaction of people who deal with dewa and improve dewa image. manyissues will appear in processing invoices will cause it to be delay inprocessing some issues are minor and can be cleared from finance paymentsection and the other cases we need to contact with end user department or require the supplir to come becauseof too much invoices the one with critical issues are kept pending so by thetime we have many invoices are pending internal issues or procedure should noteffect our process and happiness of stakeholder. create team specializedin solve the pending cases and solve the related issues because many casesrequires days till be processed finally end user shouldapprove the gr when it is ready and not to kept pending follow up continuouslywith pending invoices so at the future rare pending cases will be their ratherthan this huge amount of pending invoices.
parking area. finding parking when i return from out side meeting. thearea near the mosque is dedicated to dewa employee its and when any one has ameeting out the hq he will take his car to attend the meeting but the problemwhen he returns back he will spend an a hour to find a parking. dedicate parking number to each dewa employee.
shaded parking. summar is fast approaching shaded parking is required for all the staff and customers around dewa buildings. due to hot summar vehicle is getting hot inside and outside after parking long hours that is inconvenient for staff and customers as well. covered car parking is highly required.
animated short video on excellence. exact idea of what is excellence and how is excellent applicable to dewa activities can be made an animated video and shared with employees people retain ideas on movies and pictures more than words and presentations. i is difficult for people to comprehend and retain the excellence messages send through internal communications. if the messages are conveyed through animation videos it is far easy to under stand and apply and language poses no barrier the same can be displayed on projector for field staff staff from all languages can under stand.
cug mobile numbers to all dewa employee. closed user groups cug subscriber who can make calls and receive calls from member within the group without any charges our emirates telecom network du etisalat providing various offers for corporate business plan. 1 sitestaff non nt user catching difficulty 2 noted memorizingperson numbers difficulty because not matching sequences 3 expensivecall charges for discussing technical related. 1 nocharges for business calling circle and also free local minutes 2 nonnt user also having direct contact with nt user and superiors 3 last3 or four digit mobile numbers matching with the person extension e g personhaving landline number 043 480 network company will provide same with050 480 4 easyway to memorize all our colleagues numbers.
improving work place safety program. the higher quality plan should consider the organization promted to needs and provide for on going long lasting work protection and it is designed to used in the work place to anticipate indentify and eliminate conditions or practices that could result in injuries and illnesses. lack of knowledge or awareness of safety programs andprecautions may lead the employee to get injuries or accident at their workplace. the effective safety program for every work place to become knowledgeableregarding to full fill the requirement of employees under the osha act request a consultation visit covering bothsafety and health to get full survey establish a system make a commitment to look carefully each type of joband their work place especially technical and field works set up a system of checking and provide away the employees to know the hazards controls.
13 1738 condition monitoring the sf6 gas pressure for abb sf6 rmus. sincecondition monitoring team checking the sf6 gas pressure for the energizedsubstation by reading the pressure gauge value green healthy and value red not healthy isuggest to add new method for the condition monitoring as below for abb rmus sincemost of our sf6 rmus have pressure switch terminals for the scada contact i elow gas and normal gas indication isuggest to check this contact during the condition monitoring it can be testby check the continuity using normal avo meter since it is no nccontact which will not take more time most of the rmus have auxiliary boxfor this contact like lucy elmec and some of them available inthe front cover directly like abb sf6 it can be evaluated for each rmubased on the location of the scada contact to ensure the safety andcontact diagram can be verified at aweer workshop by condition monitoring stafffor each type of rmu benefit in case if the pressure gauge defect i e pointer stuck notworking we will discover it and action can be taken we will have double check for the healthiness of the sf6 gaspressure we will be ready for the smart grid since we will check all thermus pressure switch terminals for the scada contact process improvement note the below suggestion was approved earlier by dp committee on two thousand and fourteen on old system as per innovation team advice i shall apply it in new system in order to take action as the old system will be closed.  sincecondition monitoring team checking the sf6 gas pressure for the energizedsubstation by reading the pressure gauge value green healthy and value red not healthy isuggest to add new method for the condition monitoring as below for abb rmus sincemost of our sf6 rmus have pressure switch terminals for the scada contact i elow gas and normal gas indication isuggest to check this contact during the condition monitoring it can be testby check the continuity using normal avo meter since it is no nccontact which will not take more time most of the rmus have auxiliary boxfor this contact like lucy elmec and some of them available inthe front cover directly like abb sf6 it can be evaluated for each rmubased on the location of the scada contact to ensure the safety andcontact diagram can be verified at aweer workshop by condition monitoring stafffor each type of rmu benefit in case if the pressure gauge defect i e pointer stuck notworking we will discover it and action can be taken we will have double check for the healthiness of the sf6 gaspressure we will be ready for the smart grid since we will check all thermus pressure switch terminals for the scada contact process improvement note the below suggestion was approved earlier by dp committee on two thousand and fourteen on old system as per innovation team advice i shall apply it in new system in order to take action as the old system will be closed.
all dewa cars to be converted into electric consuming vehicles. all dewa cars to be converted into electric consuming vehicles with dewa logo and logos that build up love forenvironment would be a very smart and pro active approach towards living andpromoting green environment. smart and proactive suggestion towards promoting green enviroment by converting all dewa cars in to electric consuming vehicles. all dewa cars to be converted in to electric consuming vehicles with dewa logo and logos that build up love for environment.
increase productivity. by increase the maintenance group the period in between the maintenance cycle will be reduce so the relaiability of equipments will be increase nod will be reduce the efficiency of equipment will be increase. due to the two outage group our outage schedule is limited due to the cancellation of the outage also hampered productivity so the period in between the maintenance cycle increase year by year even rcm only not the perfect solution for this. wecan increase the maintenance group one more so we can schedule more and itwill reduce the maintenance cycle period and increase the reliability ofequipment duringsummer the primary or other section staffs transferring to other section we can utilize them ifrequired we can use the up keeping group for outage maintenance is theprimary objective for our section up keeping is the secondary objective forus thedubai side already convenience the distribution operation to get outage forthree group now in dubai side getting outage schedule for three group themanpower equipment vehicle available to make third group but problem fromoperation department they not agree because of their manpower therequest or meeting from high level with distribution operation will be solvethis issue and we can start the third group.
improvement of procedure for checkingrmu oil quality. in 11kv sssystem huge numbers of oil rmu its are connected and ssm secondary maintenance teams are regularly maintainedsame as per schedule during routine maintenance the followed procedure of rmu oilchecking is very old fashion which is needed toimprove to achieve moremaintenance benefit. during routine maintenance the technical crewsare used to check rmu oil by using open hand put hand inside oil and checkingas per their own experience pic attached which is normally most of the time making no sensefor oil quality ok or not also using open hand is not good result for the oilwhich may change more rust accumulation to reduction oil insulation andincreasing change for flashover also the practice against human health andsafety. the practice can be improved by follow few simple steps as below 1 instead of use open hand technical person can be used rubber hand gloves specialfor using oil test 2 if oil is very old sample can be collected by using clean glass bottleand same can be tested sectional portable oil tester which is alreadyavailable in section 3 a tag can be fixed on rmu with mention date after tested replaced oil so that it is may not require again to check oil next 3 5 years maintenanceperiod.
increasing annual maintenance cycle period. annual maintenance cycle periodis increased from six months october to march to eight months september to april for ssmp mdr section. normally during winter cycle we are focusing only preventative maintenance works we can not attend tomiscellaneous nods not related direct to maintenance outage hse etc substationinspection and up keeping works during winter cycle consequently huge dustfound accumulated inside substation during this winter period. if maintenance cycle period isincreased from six months october to march to eight months september to april wecan attend these miscellaneous nods not related direct to maintenance outage hse etc substation general checking and up keeping along routinemaintenance unloaded substations preventative maintenance works can becarried out in september and april.
customer hospitality should be mentioned on ghawa counter at all locations. customer hospitality should be mentioned on ghawa counter at all dewa customer service centers. currently there are counters at customer service centers to provide free ghawa and dates to customers but its not mentioned any where about this service and customers are not aware about the same. hospitality counter can be mentioned on the counter or same name plate can be displayed on the counter for customer awareness.
do its and dont its after electric shock. it is must that each and every person who uses electric power in home offices should be aware what to be done in case of minor or major electric shock and its duty of dewa to give them basic awareness to each and every consumer. not all consumer in dubai gets opportunity to get awareness or training program about basic first aid especially women in home can get panic in case of electric shock and can act wrongly which may cause other problems. dewa can prepare a board showing basic idea of do its and dont its in case of electric shock and display it in malls buildings near lifts or common places offices.
led dewa logo for dewa building. as dewa is best utility provider for electricity and water i think its existing logo is simple and it should illuminate with new transformation by led lighting i had attached sample picture for that. existing dewa logo in new led lighting formation to attract more attention and some dewa customer care centers are working active after dark so if it is formed with led lighting it will be more distinguish as per existing logo. to attract more attention and dewa itself is utility provider for electricity and water so i think its logo should shine illuminate and it should be more attractive.
bus waiting shed. it is highly appreciated if dewa in coordination with rta builds a bus waiting shelter in front of dewa head office this will benefit dewa staff and customers who use public transport especially in summer. no bus shelter waiting shed available in front of dewa ho. suggest to build a shelter.
test. test one. test eleven. test one hundred and eleven.
recovery of traffic rta fines. recovery of traffic rta fines from dewa staff being in possesion and authority of drivining dewa vehicles through sap. rta dubai police assertscertain rules and regulations for controlling and running of smooth trafficon uae roads drivers who defy and disobey these rules will be levied withfines to ensure road safety of its users every individual has to follow theimplemented rules and regulations on traffic flooded uae roads traffic rulesand regulations are devised to assure the smooth flowing of motor vehicles inthe road the thorough knowledge of traffic rules regulations traffic signsand markings are very essential for the drivers and road users and violatorsare penalized to restrict them from violation in future it is difficult to take and settle the vehicle fine amounts from the staff due to certain reasons and sometimes it takes month to recover and settle the fines further needs regular follow ups and number of requests to the violator for clearing the fine amount which sometimes causes delay in vehicle registration vehicle shortage and unnecessary follow ups and talks. if a new sub application is introduced in the sap for recovery of traffic fines would be easy to recover the vehicle traffic fines amount from the staff after filling the necessary particulars in sap from the coordinator side the same application is being forwaded to in line manager for approval after in line senior manager approval directly goes to payroll and accordingly fine amount to be deducted with the staff salary directly by assigning traffic violation number subsequently.
fsi go system. should be provide fsi go system with wifi fm solution for technicians it can easily send the field details and pictures to shift in charge it will be reduce the lost of time labour cost and vehicle fule cost. lost of time. it can easily send the field details and pictures to shift in charge.
donation and adoption. dewa have implementeda smart platform for the benefit of their staff named souq where staff can sellsome of their used or unused items although the cotegories are limited only on electronics and home appliances but nothing is therefor free. there would be lots of staff who would like to donate someitems e g furniture appliances medical items etc where other peoplewithin organization would be desperately looking for it and can not affordbuying on the other hand for some reasons there would be somestaffs are looking for a good family who is ready to adopt their pets e g birds cats dogs etc and at the other end some people would be ready andvery interested in giving them a home. i would suggest that adding two more categories in souq iconwith the name of 1 donation 2 adoption staff will be loading what they have to donate and someothers will put their needs and what they are looking for with a trackingsystem of negotiations between the donator and receiver.
health and safety. to divert the plastic factory exaust from dewa ghussais zonal office car park. our ghussais zonal office located opposite to lu luvillage our car parking is fully surrounded by nearby emiratesnational factory for plastic ind its exhaust outlets the plastic factory exists the hazardous smokes from itsexhaust it was very bad chemical smells it is one hundred percent hazards to health of staffs and it is not recommended to keep the exhaust towards othersbuildings photos attached. to divert the plastic factory exaust from dewa ghussais zonal office car park to high level or divert to other side.
overhead line map express. to have a mapping system for overhead line with the following advantages 1 easy access anytime and anywhere 2 simple and easy to be understand 3 updated and linked to mv ring diagram. the existing map of the overhead line is manually drawn from bare hands with black ink in white background and compile in a big folder the problem are the followinbg 1 no color coding due to black and white color only 2 different size of items in the drawing 3 crowded and hard for the eyes 4 compiled in a big and heavy binder folder 5 feeder is sometimes hard to search 6 continuation of the circuit is hard to follow 7 hard to attached for presentation not good in the eyes. create a softcopy file in ms powerpoint format with proper color coding legends size of fonts and items specify circuit name and details proper legends page number and date of last updating include the feeder details for each circuits with regards to mv ring diagram include also the ring off with regards to the mv ring diagram create a pdf file copy and save to personal computers and mobile phone for easy access.
departmental reading zones. to provide a comfortable zone for reading. although there are dedicated libraries and initiatives toward reading reading is note a well spread habbit within most of dewa work places. to provide a comfortable zone for reading with dewa department or division wise the reading zone is neither a library nore a bookshope it is just a comformatble area that every one can bring his book or use the provided book in place.
happiness looks gorgeous on you. encouraging employee engagement in promoting positive energy through their original happiness quotes which will be shared to all dewa on a regular basis daily weekly. taking one step further with the happiness pledge dewa employees have taken during the international happiness day celebration happiness looks gorgeous on you provides an avenue for employees to play an active role in creating happiness around them by sharing their personal quotes about happiness. dewa employees are invited to submit their original quotes on happiness whether it be related to happiness at work family love religion health etc the employee happiness will prepare the artwork and or emailshot chosen quotations with the name of the contributing employee will be sent to all dewa via an emailshot.
one hundred and thirty two kv feeder cable final measurement standard format need to prepared. presently not available any standard format for the feeder cable final measurement each contractor is submitting their own format. during finalmeasurement verification time different types of format is getting confusionalso extra time taking for the verification certification. once standard format has been made all the contractor can follow the same also our certifying verifying engineers will have the clear understanding about the subject.
security contact details inside elevators. toll free contact numbers for theelevator manufacturer only provided inside elevators and requestto provide the dewa security extension numbers as well to call whileemergency due to elevator fault. toll free contact numbersonly provided inside elevators and the following min requirements shall beadded inside elevators which will be required considering in safety aspects office security extension numbers calling specialties phone linked to security extension mobile may not work due to bad signals. tobe provided office security extension numbers callingspecialties phone linked to security extension to be installed insideelevators.
smart application to identify dewa underground services. in order to improve customer satisfaction and avoid dewa asset damages by public or working party within the visinity of dewa services i may suggest to establsh a smart application suitable to work in electronic gadgets to detect dewa undergroud cable water lines. at present many contractors are working close to dewa service lines with or without noc from dewa we have encountered many situation that the contractor working party damaged dewa underground services as they were unaware about its present at the site where they are excavating. a smart application in electronic gadget with facility to understand the presense of underground services will help the working party to identify the underground cable water line before excavation to avoid dewa asset damages and associated hazards.
expire and delete emails automatically. mass email to be expired and deleted automatically from the email box. email from internal communication smart news and other mass communications which remains in the email box for long time or for ever if the employe is not managing the mail box more storage is required all this has to be backed up daily and increae the backup size e g earth hour email there is validity for the event. all the mass communications to have expiry date set and all employee email boxes to be configured to delete the expired emails similar awarness can be done to employees to set expiry if it is applicable for their emails optional freejna internal portal can have log of internal communication if some one wants to refer https www extendoffice com documents outlook 1536 outlook delete expired email items after days html.
display information dewa logo required. despaly information in form of dewa logo is required in ayal nasir customer service centre to direct customers easily who need dewa services. dewa ayal nasir customer service centre lies in deira which is one of the most populated areas in dubai in comparison with the customers turn out i perceive its low the reason is because this location before was 33kv substation before it was renovated to customer service centre the side which has dewa logo to direct customers is not popular while the major side of this location facing gold souq bus stop big high way fish market and rta offices doesnt have any dewa logo or information to indentify it as a dewa customer service centre morever these major sides still looks like 33kv substation since even after renovation nothing was done to easily direct customers to the branch which was newly opened supportive photos are attached hereunder. painting these sides properly and fixing dewa logo and supportive information to direct customers.
updatedstandard specification drawings design and installation checklists testreport templates method statements and ddcms list etc to be maintained incommon share folder in tms. dewa ted snd tpd tcd updated standard specification drawings design andinstallation checklists test report templates method statements and ddcmslist etc to be maintained in common share folder in tms which is to be easilyaccessible to projects team and if any to refer throughout the project lifecycle. project execution team don t have access fortpd snd ted tcd departments updated standard specification drawings designand installation checklists test report templates method statements andddcms list etc not available anywhere in share folder tms after award of contract it is easy tocommunicate share the required documents to the contractor on time wastage of time and dewa resources. dewa ted snd tpd tcd updated standardspecification drawings design and installation checklists test reporttemplates method statements and ddcms list etc to be maintained in commonshare folder in tms which is to be easily accessible to projects execution teamand if any to refer throughout the project life cycle each department coordinator to be maintainedtheir updated documents in organized share folder tms after award of contract it is easy tocommunicate share the required documents to the contractor on time if required.
table seatarrangements chart pr no emp name and extn to be placed in front of all the doors entrance. inall the depts table seat arrangements chart pr no emp name and extn tobe placed in front of all the doors entrance which will be helpful to the newemployees as well as to do coordination with new people easily wheneverrequired. searchingthe people while doing the follow ups and for discussion if any due tonon availability of seating arrangements on the doors where we are entering tointernal departments consuming our times. table seat arrangements chart pr no emp name and extn to be placed in front of all the doors entrance it will be helpful to the new employees aswell as to do coordination with new people easily whenever required save the time.
replacementof all light bulbs in dewa lvdbs and mini pillar feeder by led lights. pls be informed that most of our dewa low voltage distribution boardsand mini distribution pillar feeders about60000equipments are equipped with normal type light bulb the idea is toreplace the existing light bulbs with led lamps. the existing light bulb has low energyefficiency than led which has more energy efficiency and saves energy life duration of light bulb is less than led light bulb generates more heat comparedto led which generates low operating temperature. replace the light bulbs with led.
telephone stress on lvnm complaint dispatchers and its solutions. numerous numberof phone call request for conferencing producing phone call stress relatedproblems over complaint dispatchers. numerous numberof phone call request from technicians regarding conferencing between techniciansand customers or from the lvnm qusais office for conferencing with other dewastaff producing phone call stress over complaint dispatchers causing ear pain irritation mistake forgetfulness. one to provide one post paidmobile set to each lvnm complaint group for occupational use only through shift rotation 8 to nine set 2 to provideland phone to the lvnm qusais shift in charge with 0 open 3 dispatcher sphones should be used only for complaint dispatch and report collection fromthe technicians also for tsm customers but not for conferencing dispatchers role like telephone operator! how to prevent misuse of post paid mobile set? 1 tools boxtalk regarding misuse of provided post paid mobile set 2 monthlychecking bill for misuse.
budget prejustification. every year preparion of forecasting budget is a problematic and tedious job to make this job easier and systematic a well designed database is required. forecasting budget for the department is problematic and tedious job without having much information and systemic data of the tools equipment etc data properly. a well designed database can address this issue and solve the problem mdr is already implemented this database and forcasting budget is as smooth as silk.
a new dewa csr initiative lta local travel allowance for dewa staff selected and criteria based to bring their loved for short stay in dubai. the idea is about to provide lta any suitable name for dewa staff those who completed minimum years can be decided of dedication in service so that they can bring their immediate family members to dubai to join with them dewa must provide full expenses lodging boarding flight etc for this visit to selected staff base on certain criteria it will be a tribute for their dewa staff loyalty and dedication towards dewa. many among us working in dewa for many years and they have dreams to bring some of their family immediate members let say 2 3 members for 5 7days in dubai for visit visa but unable to do so owing to several reason beyond their control this initiative will be kind gesture may be dewa csr initiative for those who are committed to their work dedication loyality and their struggle because they are away from the family. today uae celebration expatriates contribution towards the developments of this beautiful country on the occasion of may day there are special gesture program celebrated by govt of uae for expatriate contribution to this lovely country so if dewa provide such kind gesture to staff based on select criteria so that they can bring their immediate family members fix the numbers of staff like grand mother mother or grand father father or spouse or children let say 2 3 members to dubai for a short period to stay for 5 7 days with their dear one but only once in a employment tenure with dewa.
shout platform for exchanging feelings bestwishes or condolences. shout will provide dewa staff a platform for exchanging feelings and expressingemotions through messages on various situations like congratulating a staff onpromotion or winning anything conveying all the best wishes for staffnominations on their achievements in dewa events or even a simple wish to acolleague stating have a nice day or happy birthday as well as dewa staff will also be able to give condolences for sad demisemessages shout will also be open for dewa staff comments andsuggestions in case any staff needs a help on any matter. interaction formally and informally through such a platform is required in an organization lack of communication and interaction between staff affects employee relations and work operations. shout works as a effective tool where in allthe dewa staff can interact on interesting topics and exchange knowledge information and make known happy and sad messages.
encouraging of supply outside workers. dewa is hiring many outside workers in all offices for different works i e cleaning security service maintenace works etc and they are also playing a important role in improving dewa image apart from dewa employees in order to encourage them it is suggested to select three best workers atleast once in a three or six months and reward them with cash gifts min amt will be according to management decision. currently this dewa is not having such scheme in practice to award the outside workers who are directly working with dewa operations. it is suggested to select three best workers and encourage them with cash gifts atleast every three or six months once with min amount probably dhs five hundred each we should not tell them abt this scheme surprisingly we should do this.
to send sms to all the custmor to inform them that after the payment it takes withen four hours they will be re co so they dont have to call us that will dicrease and reduce the calls we recived from this kind of customers i think more than fifty percent of the calls regarding this issue reducing calls. to send sms to all the custmor to inform them that after the payment it takes withen four hours they will be re co so they dont have to call us that will dicrease and reduce the calls we recived from this kind of customers i think more than fifty percent of the calls regarding this issue reducing calls. the queuing in call center. the sms.
providing adjustable holder for mobile in dewa vehicles for safe driving. by providing adjustable holder for mobile in dewa vehicles will result in safe driving as well as staff satisfaction will be increased. currently most of dewa vehicles donot have blue tooth avaliability and recently dubai police has annouced fine of 200dhs and four black points to drivers who uses phone while driving the car is rotated to many staff so one staff can not keep mobile holder as per his choice. car mounted adjustable mobile phone holder since concern dewa staff drives during working hours there shall be mobile holder avalaible in the car so that drivers can talk with free hands in case of emergeny calls and will driver safely and avoid fines as well as accidents new vehicle procurements sall have blue tooth mandetory.
transportation for outside training courses. dewa is providing training courses to employees in various locations for which employee has to manage the transportation at his own. due to non availablity of dewa transportation employees facing difficult to reach destination on time especially persons who are not having their own vehicle. hence dewa can arrange transportation for the employee who is having training outside his present office so that it is easy to attend the courses without hassle.
play ground at dewa residence building muhaisnah four. administration to coordinate with dm to build the playground on plot 245 0450. many of dewa employees live in dewa building at muhaisnah four and there is no open space for families. dewa administration and csr to coordinate with dm to build the playground on plot 245 0450 with sponcer from poth dewa and dm to be a green sustainable playground which may include solar panels and self charging fitness machines etc.
use smartboard to make better and effective presentations without needing laptops and ohp. smartboards are touch schreen lcds with build in computers and audio vitual communication support presentations made through smartbords can be shared during teleconferencing presentation made through smartboards are very high resolution and hence dont require switching off or dimming of lights depresentation can be highly interective and in number smart feutures can be use that are not avaible in ohp presentations. pandwp division has to smartboards that are mainly use as displays screens their smart feature r not utilized in addition due restriction on usb sticks it is becoming more difficult to use these bords effectively. configure the computers of these smartboards as standard dewa computer machines so that they can be connected to dewa network create a shared folder to store presentation files with access to all who wish to make presentation the presenters will login from smartbord computers to their dewa account and access their presentition from the shared folder without any need of laptop or usb stick any changes made during the presentation will stay in the main file.
one week measurement for new customers. one week measurement for new customers after getting the final approval to ensure these customers are following what they got approval for. some customers are violating their approval limits and dewa its limits such as exceeding the approval running load over loading dewa its feeders wrong capacitor bank setting poor p f bad motors starting scenario high starting current causes voltage dips harmonics affect dewa its assets etc. one week measurement carried by distribution operation to get real data to analyze it and provide feedback for final approval.
gis link in sap window. during the lv design reviewfor modifications and additional load in existing connections existing loaddetails are to be verified in gis portal now we are working independently withsap and gis portal providing link to gis portal in sap window helps to find easilythe existing details within the plot. working independently withsap and gis portal it takes more time to access gis and find the detailswithin the plot. providing gis link in sapwindow.
enhance stakeholders engagement by establishing advisory board for each stakeholder categories. enchase stakeholders engagement and loyalty to dewa formulated advisory board for each stakeholders categories and ensure all the segments in the same category have been represented in the board of the category. there is no mechanism to ensure proper communication with all stakeholders and related segments no mechanism to ensure the balance between stakeholders needs expectation. 1 build a stakeholders feathers database 2 formulate board for each stakeholder category from all its segments 3 establish board charter and mandate 4 plan for board activities and annual plan 5 the boards are responsible to represent all stakeholders in all related issues in dewa 6 establish recognition program for the advisory boards.
clinic for all dewa offices to provide first aid. a clinic can be started for all dewaoffices to provide first aid for common diseases like headache stomach pain small cutting injury burning and regular checkup facility for blood sugarand hypertension. presently dewa staffs have no facility forfirst aid in the work place dewa given first aid training to staffs which ispractically not helpful for others so employees are used to take short leaveor sick leave to go clinic or hospital for silly problem like headache stomachpain small cutting injury small burning and checkup blood sugar and hyper tension which is affected daily productivity due to increase short leave sick leaveand employee unhappiness also some employees have no facility to go clinic dueto use sharing transport so they are suffering a lot and have to stay officewithout doing any activities. dewa can be implemented a small clinic unitwith one doctor mbbs and one nurse to all zonal sub zonal offices includedewa dewa which will provide first aid common disease treatment like headache stomach pain small cutting injury burning and checkup blood sugarand hypertension to employees at work place.
one hundred and twenty minutes late attendance. when the employee finishthe balance of his 120min of late attendance the employee will be responsible forcompensating late minutes after 2 30pm for each minutes of coming late the minutes will be doubled forexample if the employee came five minutes late he will compensate for ten minutesand he will leave the office after 2 40pm and if he came fifteen minutes late he will leave by 3 00pm. some employeeshave utilised their short leaves and 120min late attendance due to travel time loss unpredicted traffice and climate condition therefore they do not have optioneither to apply for an earned leave or they will be absent this will affectthem by cutting from their salaries or promotions. compensate 120min after working hours depends on late attenance minutes each minute will be doubled.
fire extinguisher monitoring system. fireextinguishers are fundamental fire protection used over six hundred time its everyday fireextinguishers are vital creating a covered web of fire safety everywhere yet inspections are rarely performed the electronic monitoring technology for fireextinguishers insures the fundamentals are ready when we need them and alertsauthorities when fire extinguishers are activated for use advantage 1 fireextinguisher monitoring system notifies facility managers the moment a fireextinguisher is pull from its mount two when thefire extinguisher its accessibility is blocked or when its pressure falls belowsafe operating levels 3 the systemcan instantly send an alert to the building its fire security control panel orlisted building monitoring system. dewa have more than 200substation and offices distributed among dubai area zone include deira jabel ali and hatta this make it difficult to cover and take a lot of resources to check monitorthe condition of each and every fire extinguisher. adapt the mointoring system which provide the following feature fire extinguisher monitoring system notifies facility managers the moment a fire extinguisher is pull from its mount when the fire extinguisher its accessibility is blocked or when its pressure falls below safe operating levels the system can instantly send an alert to the building its fire security control panel or listed building monitoring system.
smart office and flexible work environment. architects and workplace commentators across the globe agree that the next generation of wireless technology will liberate employees from the traditional office space freeing them from the desktop pc landline phone and for that matter the entire desk will be home based therefore i beleive working mother should get the access to work from home for some specific tasks as agreed from the management sap is accessible through smart device and most of the job performed are daily basis routine jobs eg billing section are working based on notification wise so they don t require a physical access to the ho ect the priviledge would be given to working mother at the first instance then it can be given to other employee depending on the feasibility of each division. some employee can do the same work they are performing on daily basis form home but they are still needed physical access to the work place. allowing especially working woman a home based access for sap as specified from the management and agreed by evp its of each department.
managementof lvnm complaints and activities. monitoring and keeping records of lvnm activities and extensive data analysis of consumer complaints to improve the lv network system and obtain consumer satisfaction. 1 keeping records of consumers 2 data analysis for root cause of consumercomplaints 3 clean and clear method of various lvnmactivities 4 monitoring staff movement 5 handing over register. developing a well designed database will address the above problems and solve them accordingly lvnm complaint system was developed in long back and running successfully in maintenance deira zone one and maintenance dubai zone three until sap the database is implemented and has a long success story.
managementof lvnm store and inventories. monitoring and controlling internal store inventory of lvnm section under maintenance deira. proper recording and inventory of materials collection from dewa main store and material issue and return to the users. using a well designed database will solve the above problem.
protectiondatabase. to keep all the records and activity control in maintenance deira protection section. problem for keeping the data records ct details and setting data etc in a proper way data loses and unmatched records and missing data. protection database was implemented in maintenance deira zone one protection section to address all the above problems and solve them.
substationmaintenance primary sectional database. to keep all the records and activity control in maintenance deira protection section. problem for keeping the different kind of data records ss details daily work schedule etc in a proper way data loses and unmatched records and missing data. substation maintenance primary database was implemented in maintenance deira zone 1 substation maintenance primary section to solve these issues and are running successfully.
nisdistribution. to create a useful database to monitor and keeping record of all nis distribution record and get the desirable reports easily. keeping track and record of nis distribution and customer interaction reports. a useful database can solve the aboveproblem nis distribution database is implemented in maintenance deira zone 1and is very useful database to address the said problems.
vehicle fleet management. to create a useful database to monitor and keeping record of all departmental vehicle record and get the desirable reports easily. although dewa fleet management has developed and has many things in sap but in sections it cannot be used for vehicle movement and other related issues section requires more specific record keeping and record analyzing database. vfm database is implemented in maintenance deira to solve the said problems it has so many features that is used to control to the vehicle movement in the department it is a successful essential tool for the vehicle fleet controller of maintenance deira.
hattasubzonal database. to develop a database to cover all hatta sub zone sectional activities. sectionalactivities are not properly maintained. hatta database is designed and developed to curb the problems and it is covered all the sectional lv and hv activities.
digital display near meeting room. this idea has been given by me in two thousand and fourteen tawasol number 14 0782 a digital display with wifi connection shall be provided near each meeting room and connected to the authorized person its responsible for booking the meeting room authorized person its shall be given specified formats to maintain and the same shall be displayed in digital display near meeting room any changes of venue cancellation of meetings if updated will be displayed in screen while any staff or out sider is coming he can see the details in digital screen on the latest status. when ever any meeting is attended in dewa in schedule meeting room any changes and details of invited members and status weather accepted or not is not being known the existing practice of displaying the booking information manually to be changed as digital. a digital display with wifi connection shall be provided near each meeting room and connected to the authorized person its responsible for booking the meeting room authorized person its shall be given specified formats to maintain and the same shall be displayed in digital display near meeting room any changes of venue cancellation of meetings if updated will be displayed in screen while any staff or out sider is coming he can see the details in digital screen on the latest status.
dewa to capitalise on solar panel sale. dewa to start selling solar panels to promote solar power and green energy for sustainable growth the customers will trust dewa product and the brand in comparision to any other solar panel providers by se this dewa can mitifate the risk of loosing customers due to self reliant customers in terms of energy. consumer is keen to buy enviornment friendly equipments that can be a business threat for dewa dewa should have alternative source of income at the same time support green energy initiative. dewa should sell solar panels just like we got into a new business of selling water mai dubai similarly we can have an alternative businessline which will be more trust worthy and new source of income with high customer satisfaction.
taskmanagement system. tracking of task departmental and or sectional is a tedious job if not handled properly chances of missing important documents and delay of task may happens a well designed database can monitor and keep tracking of all incoming and outgoing task. tracking of task departmental and or sectional is a tedious job if not handled properly chances of missing important documents and delay of task may happens. a well designed database can handled all the departmental and or sectional tasks task management database has been implemented in maintenance deira and has a success story to solve the said problems it has so many features that is used to control monitor and proper distribute of all task in the department as well as in the sections it is a successful essential tool all the managers and sectional coordinators and the staffs of the of maintenance deira department.
managementof maintenance deira zone one vigilance cell activities. monitoring and keeping records of maintenance deira zone one vigilance cell activities and extensive data analysis and regular inspection of consumer installations and complaints and coordination and follow up with other dewa departments. 1 keeping records of consumers and installationswith full details 2 keeping track of periodical inspection ofconsumer installation and follow ups 3 keeping record of coordination with other dewadepartments and timely periodical follow up. developing a well designed database will address the above problems and solve them accordingly maintenance deira zone one vigilance cell database has been implemented in maintenance deira zone one and is running successfully with all beneficial supports to the users.
payments can be received through sap system by means of sales order for temporary supply for marriage mourning cases. optionin sales order should be implemented for the consumers satisfaction. 1 consumercoming for temporary supply for marriage mourning festivals has to make paymentas cash in the nearest lvnm office 2 cashshould be handled by the dispatchers clerical staffs 3 itis not safe to handle cash by the dispatchers clerical staffs 4 someconsumer requesting to make payment through account as undertaking 5 undertakingreceived from consumer will get delay to reach dewa accounts section 6 ifthe consumer is making undertaking request through account processing is gettingdelay to reach to their own account that is delay to reflect in their account this is loss for dewa. 1 there is an option in sap salesorder for temporary supply charges with material code nine billion three hundred million nine hundred and thirteen but it is notimplemented snap shot attached 2 if it is implementedconsumer charges can be easily done on their account immediately same as we arecharging for the other technical complaints 3 consumer will be charged onthe same day on their account this will be profit for dewa 4 sale order for temporarysupply should be lump sum amount 5 there should be a special coderequired for the extension of days for tsm 6 this will increase consumersatisfaction and dewas vision.
providing contingency restorationplan for each eleven and six point six kv busbar. providing contingency restoration plan for each eleven and six point six kv busbar to guide esc in case of bb tripping. in case of busbar tripping engineer systemcontrol need some time to analyze the alarms and put restoration plan to restorethe power with effective and fastest way esc need to has prepared restoration planhighest to the recommended restoration steps based on several factors such ascml priority flag number of prioritystations p1 p2 andp3 and number of customers of each feeder. provide contingency restoration planfor each eleven and six point six kv busber and to be sorted out from the feeder withhighest priority to the feeder with less priority and merge the pdf link foreach bb in spectrum to provide easy access and guide esc in case of tripping.
adding terms and conditions on the po. add terms and condition to the po issued by local purchase. there is a difference between the name of the supplier inthe po and in the invoice thus the payment section is facing problems whileissuing cheques or bank transfers or payment through online smart business. terms to be added on the po as below 1 the payment will be issued against the name appearingon the po for any changes please contact supplier relation department 2 iban number to be added onthe po for the suppliers who have bank details in the master mentioning thatthe payment will be against the iban on the po for any changes please contactfinance department 3 invoices to be submitted after delivering the goods providing theservice not before 4 the name in the invoice shouldmatch with the name in the po and trade license.
authorizing the maintenance staff to switch off on the trf the only. one of the prestigious departments in dewa is the maintenancedepartment the consumers and the staff always trusts the high level of themaintenance team always initiate ideas to develop the existing maintenanceprocedure to increase its scope by enhancing the staff skills and introducingnew maintenance techniques during maintenance for ss the maintenance staff need theoperation staff to switch off on the trf some cases the maintenance staff will complete themaintenance and the operation staff will come to ss after some minutes cml issue due to other reason other fault road accident urgentissue communication etc we can avoid the delay by authorizing the maintenance staff toswitch off on the trf the only or the l v d b only for ss maintenance only i e to work on the trf switch only with coordination withscada same do procedure for trf switch off on after necessary training tothe maintenance staff many utility implement the same. as above. one of the prestigious departments in dewa is the maintenancedepartment the consumers and the staff always trusts the high level of themaintenance team always initiate ideas to develop the existing maintenanceprocedure to increase its scope by enhancing the staff skills and introducingnew maintenance techniques during maintenance for ss the maintenance staff need theoperation staff to switch off on the trf some cases the maintenance staff will complete themaintenance and the operation staff will come to ss after some minutes cml issue due to other reason other fault road accident urgentissue communication etc we can avoid the delay by authorizing the maintenance staff toswitch off on the trf the only or the l v d b only for ss maintenance only i e to work on the trf switch only with coordination withscada same do procedure for trf switch off on after necessary training tothe maintenance staff many utility implement the same.
transport violations catching through cameras installed on top rta taxis. presently uae has the best methods in cathcing the traffic violations to augment this install the radar and cameras on top of rta taxis which can be more dynamically covering the entire city to catch the violations. most of the violation catching radars are fixed locations some of the public are well aware of this and skipping these areas with much care but violation rules at other places also rta mobile radars are also doing good job but these are limited and not available in the early mornings late evenings where there are more violations like jumping lanes rash driving etc. by adding the security eye to rta taxis which are dynamically covering various parts of city it is very best way to reach the corners of the city with economic capital expenditure also the violators would be penalised and can effectively improve the road discipline and saftety as a whole.
sms alert to consumer for nis related outages and an apology sorry sms for incovinience to consumer for intrruption in power supply during tripping and emergency outages. sending an alert sms for nis outages to consumer will remind the consumer for the arrangment of electrician at the day of outage sms is very easy way for reminding keeping alert the consumer for the day at the time of tripping if consumer recieved the sms he will not get stresses or curious about the problem for intrruption in supply but he will feel happy that dewa is aware about the problem and he will sit relax at home. there are many outages in which we have faced non availability of electrician by consumer or consumer not ready at the site even the nis issued to consumer during tripping the consumer is facing the sudden intrruption in power supply which is giving distrubance in all routine works of consumer and consumer is starting calling at help line for complain or asking about the problem. our nis team can make an arrangement with the co ordination of customer center for sending sms to consumer for nis outages we have all the data related to consumer contact numbers and that can be sorted as per the sub station number or for complete ring so we can send sms of apology during tripping and for emergency outage.
asset custody ledger. to create a useful database to monitor and keeping record of all departmental asset and periodical verification and audit record of all assets and get the desirable reports easily. while doing the physical verification it is very hard to identify and keep track of asset scattered in the diepartment no prpper way to maintain the departmental assets. depvelop a well designed database to keep track and monitor the history of all assets in the department and using of this database it is very easy to do the physical verification of the assets and help in auditing the custody of the assets which also helps in the time of employee its ndc preparation note the database is already implemented in maintenance deira department and running successfully and helping the users and coordinators a lot.
departmental employee database. lack of tracking and monitoring of employee training license details behavioral record and lots other related records. although our sap hr system is sophisticated and more advanced but some critical internal tracking and monitoring is not possible through sap system. for addressing the critical internal requirements a well designed databse is required mdr employee database is already implemented and giving vast support to the coordinators and users.
csd bulletin. send an e mail with copy of csd bulletin to all csd staff whenever any modifications are made in it. csd bulletin screen is in the corridor area reception of each floor it is not approriate for the staffs to stand in the corridor area and view the full bulletin since it takes more time it will also affect the productivity. send an e mail with copy of csd bulletin to all csd staff whenever any modifications are made in it.
campaign to encourage capable employees for giving training to department divisional level. dewa has proving lot of training toemployees for increasing knowledge which is very costly due to carry out by outsidetrainer in five star hotel or outside dubai employees can be encouraged to trainother who not attending same training inside department division a quaterly campaign through internal communication or departmental division portal can be announced to find out capable trainers anda certificate can be issued to trainer for his effort. presently all dewa employees are not avail to attend all useful training carried by outside trainers which may they need due to different reasons like work over load don t have personal vehicle not good in english and some time to go for e l. a campaign can be announced quarterly tofind out capable person who can train others inside the department divisionto improve and share knowledge and special sessions can be made different languages like urdu hindi arabic others for lower grade staffs also certificateand reward can be given every year for best trainer.
high tech thermophotovoltaic layer that could be used to cover the conventional solar panel to improve its efficiency. i suggest to study the below proposal to dewa and contact massachusetts institute of technology turning sunlight into heat doubles solar cellefficiency turningsunlight into heat before generating electrical power can more than doubleefficiency of solar cells and break through an efficiency ateam of engineers from the massachusetts institute of technology has nowinvented a technique that could more than double this efficiency by firstturning the light into heat and then into radiation again in a controlledmanner they developed a high tech thermophotovoltaic layer that could be usedto cover the conventional solar panel to improve its efficiency thethermophotovoltaic layer is based on carefully engineered nanophotonic crystalsthat emit exactly defined wavelengths of light when heated the layer absorbsall the oncoming light and turns it into thermal radiation of exactly the rightwavelengths that could be efficiently processed by the underlying silicon layerand turned into electricity thenanophotonic crystals of the thermophotovoltaic layer consist of carbonnanotubes that operate at temperatures of up to 1 000 c thecarbon nanotubes are virtually a perfect absorber over the entire colourspectrum bierman said all of the energy of the photons getsconverted to heat the system could use a conventional solar concentrating system withlenses or mirrors that focus the sunlight to maintain the high temperature anadditional component an advanced optical filter would let through all thedesired wavelengths of light to the pv cell while reflecting back any unwantedwavelengths these unwanted wavelengths would get re absorbed helping tomaintain the heat of the photonic crystal full details are below http eandt theiet org news 2016 may solar panel efficiency doubled cfm?utm source adestraandutm campaign extracopy percent20of percent20e percent26t percent20news percent20 percent20automation percent20final percent20 percent20memberandutm medium newsletters percent20 percent20e percent26t percent20newsandutm content e percent26t percent20news percent20 percent20membersandutm term http percent3a percent2f percent2feandt theiet org percent2fnews percent2f2016 percent2fmay percent2fsolar panel efficiency doubled cfmandutm contact 1100428649. efficiency of solar cells. i suggest to study the below proposal to dewa and contact massachusetts institute of technology turning sunlight into heat doubles solar cellefficiency turningsunlight into heat before generating electrical power can more than doubleefficiency of solar cells and break through an efficiency ateam of engineers from the massachusetts institute of technology has nowinvented a technique that could more than double this efficiency by firstturning the light into heat and then into radiation again in a controlledmanner they developed a high tech thermophotovoltaic layer that could be usedto cover the conventional solar panel to improve its efficiency thethermophotovoltaic layer is based on carefully engineered nanophotonic crystalsthat emit exactly defined wavelengths of light when heated the layer absorbsall the oncoming light and turns it into thermal radiation of exactly the rightwavelengths that could be efficiently processed by the underlying silicon layerand turned into electricity thenanophotonic crystals of the thermophotovoltaic layer consist of carbonnanotubes that operate at temperatures of up to 1 000 c thecarbon nanotubes are virtually a perfect absorber over the entire colourspectrum bierman said all of the energy of the photons getsconverted to heat the system could use a conventional solar concentrating system withlenses or mirrors that focus the sunlight to maintain the high temperature anadditional component an advanced optical filter would let through all thedesired wavelengths of light to the pv cell while reflecting back any unwantedwavelengths these unwanted wavelengths would get re absorbed helping tomaintain the heat of the photonic crystal full details are below http eandt theiet org news 2016 may solar panel efficiency doubled cfm?utm source adestraandutm campaign extracopy percent20of percent20e percent26t percent20news percent20 percent20automation percent20final percent20 percent20memberandutm medium newsletters percent20 percent20e percent26t percent20newsandutm content e percent26t percent20news percent20 percent20membersandutm term http percent3a percent2f percent2feandt theiet org percent2fnews percent2f2016 percent2fmay percent2fsolar panel efficiency doubled cfmandutm contact 1100428649.
safety first. the guhssais zonal office exit and entry of vehciles is danger with movement of traffic on the main road to provide clear vision of traffic movement for guhssais zonal office exit and entry vehicles. during exit from ghussais zonal office left side there is some parking slots due to the parked vehicles in that parking slots we could not check the road traffic movement before enter to the main road it is dangerous to make accident at any time pls find the attachment clear vision for clear understanding. to provide clear vision of traffic movement for guhssais zonal office exit and entry vehicles we can fix the class for clear vision as attach photo pls find the attachment clear vision for clear understanding.
gis portal location link in mv ring diagram. provide link with a location icon of gis portal location can be provided in ring page for each substations so that by clicking this link icon substation location can be viewed directly from the ring page. now case we need to login to gis portal and type the substation number to get the location. link of gis portal with a location icon can be provided below each mv substation number so by a single click we can locate the station easily in gis portal.
afkari awareness by creativity champion. afkari awareness will help to increase the number of ideas participants in system afkari and achieve the kpis targets.  i suggested to put quarterly target for creativitychampion to working in internally awareness.
colour code tag for equipment not safe for operation in new version online mv ring diagram beta. veryeasy to identify the not safe for operation equipment in our distributionnetwork with colour code for each type of defective separate colour code forgas pressure low oil leakage usd earth wire missing etc we can identify the not safe for operation equipments inplanning stage colour code will help toidentify the type of defective in a single click newversion mv diagram accessible for all departments staff spectrum onlylimited access available not for all staff. spectrum only limited accessavailable not for all staff new version mv diagram accessible for alldepartments staff online mv ring diagram beta notall data integrated system i e for collecting data we need to check spectrumor sap and it will consume more time and effect. using colour code we can easily identify the typeof defect in the equipment using separate colour coded symbol separate colour code providedfor gas pressure low oil leakage usd earth wire missing etc this idea was not available in old version of mv ring diagram and it willbe very easy for dfo mdu ped am etc to identify the not safe for operation equipmentwhile planning stage using new version online mv ring diagram beta online mv ring diagram beta will be integrated data system for all level of users spectrum limitedaccess only.
special symbol to be provided to identify the private substation private lvdb in online mv ring diagram beta. one very easy to identify the private or dewa substationand equipment its two each colour coded symbol to identify the owner of theequipment its in our distribution network 3 mv diagram accessible for all departments staff spectrum only limited access available 4 for collecting data we need to check the spectrum orsap it will consume more time and effect spectrum only limited accessavailable five online mv ring diagram beta will be integrated datasystem for all level of users six by using online mv ring diagram beta all data will get in one click. spectrum only limited accessavailable not for all staff new version mv diagram accessible for alldepartments staff online mv ring diagram beta notall data integrated system i e forcollecting data we need to check the spectrum or sap and it will consume moretime and effect for finding the private substation and ownership. byusing special symbol easily identify the owner of the equipment and colour codewill be specify the onwer details of the equipment separate colour code providedfor private lvdb dewa rmu and transformer private transformer only dewa rmu private substation all equipment its belongs to pvt etc this idea was notavailable in old version of mv ring diagram and it will be very easy for dfo mdu ped am etc to identify the owner of the equipment while planning stageusing new version online mv ring diagram beta for collecting data we need tocheck in the spectrum or sap it will consume more time effect and spectrum only limited access available by using online mv ring diagram beta all data will getin one click online mv ring diagram beta will be integrated datasystem for all department users spectrum limited access only.
it advisory committee. an it advisory committee where all the it related requirements from all the department will be submitted for their recommendations and suggestions for finding proper and right solution. since all departments in dewa competing each other in improving their processes so they require new software solution which will improve their process most of the time departments mislead to find proper solutions and end up in a failed projects and costs big money and time to the company choosing the wrong solutions will end up in unsatisfied end users and it eventually effects their productivity. a group of qualified and experienced people who can suggest and recommend proper solution most of the time solution can be achieved through our own it division so all the new requirements should go through this committee for their recommendation and suggestions.
recommended books. as two thousand and sixteen has been declared the year of reading in the uae to create a generation of book lovers and consolidate the uae its position as a global capital for culture and knowledge and to support his highness sheikh mohammed bin rashid vision i suggest to have a page or it can as an email as well to recommend a book for the employees to read with a brief summary of it so the employee will be aware of the books that they will read it and may be interested it reading it so they can buy the book or find it online if it possible by sharing links. some employees are not interested in reading books due to many reasons. these emails and links may motivate the employees to read and day by day their knowledge will increase.
one dispatchregister instead of two. one dispatchregister instead of two to ensure the quality more control and to make surethat the documentation process moves smoothly from one stage to another withoutmissing any document. tworegisters for the dispatched cases one for the document controller and the other for the final stage after receiving the office copy as a result some documents were missed. only one registerbook instead of two taking the signature of the staff in each stage.
promoting sustainability through efforts for reducing the production of new copper. production of new copper through mining causes high impact to the sustainability as applicable to the high consumption of electrical energy as well as the emission of sulphur dioxide gas it is cheaper to recycle old copper than to mine and extract new copper recycled copper is worth up to ninety percent of the cost of the original copper moreover extraction of copper through recycling helps to keep the cost of copper products down. the copper is one of the precious metal being scrapped with substation equipment and underground cables moreover large quanity of unused cables in the landfill condition the existing practice of scrap disposal is not supporting the sustainability concept of reducing the production of new copper by effective utilisation of the precise copper through recycling. dewa to introduce a copper cable recyclingsystem ccrs in order to convert the copper from distribution ables and equipment to reusable copper to promote sustainability by reducing the copper miningand global energy savings in production of copper through mining.
optimization of dewa resources. protect the mfp mini distribution feeder pillar withoutdamage and corrosion. we have lot of mfp in the lvnetwork system most of the mfp base and body has been damaged due to wetmoisture and water spraying by customer developer to their garden landscaping moreover access to mfp alsoobstructed due to planting trees surrounding the mfp also we observed many mfp hasbeen damaged hit by vehicle on the right of way. dewa has to be instruct todeveloper contractor for protect all mfp with paving by interlock in onemeter surrounding area with protect wall for mfp for upcoming projects andalso be instructed to all developer to protect suck kind of method for existingand in future projects the existing mfp onthe right of way has to be protected by steel fence as attached snap shot.
demonstation on shams dubai or distributed solar generation and other dewa smart services during gitex two thousand and sixteen. demonstation of all our smart services like shams dubai drone projects smart metering smart grid etc during gitex two thousand and sixteen to public will show our commitment towards innovation and dubai vision two thousand and twenty one and always helps to achived dubai its energy stragery two thousand and thirty. demonstation of all our smart services like shams dubai drone projects smart metering smart grid etc during gitex 2016 will show our commitment towards innovation and dubai vision two thousand and twenty one and always helps to achived dubai its energy stragery two thousand and thirty. a demo on all of our furture innovations smart services can be exhibited during gitex 2016 either as physical product or by demo video we can utilise this opportunity to create awareness on shams dubai intiative to public regarding disributed power generation and its benefits to customers and also to inform out new business opportunites.
shams dubai app. consumers who would like to be part of shams dubai initiative should have a single place to get all information regarding the subject. maximum participation to the initiative shams dubai can be attained by giving all the information required in a single app. shams dubai app shall have facility for calulationg the power that can be generated if customers enter their roof area and their location to calculate solar incidence they shall be given list of dewa approved vendors and installation contractors with contact details facility for official transaction with dewa also knowledge area where people can be familiar with simple terms in solar energy system.
a comprehensive guide to the sourcing cycle. this will be an online manual guide which will contain an overview of the sourcing cycle starting from cv sourcing screening interviews and final recommendations entered on the system. many a times we have rotation of employees within the team department and new employees often find it difficult to quickly adapt tocertain processes this often leads to confusion and eventually results in lackof productivity and tension amongst the team members also it is not alwaysnecessary that the line manager has the time to sit with the employee and takethem through the process. keeping this problem in mind primarily focusing on thetalent acquisition team we would like to build an online manual guide whichwill contain the main aspects any ta employee will need for smooth operations a few of the contents are listed below 1 cvsourcing techniques 2 jobportal access 3 emailtemplates for sourcing interview confirmation request for documents followup mails offer letter location maps to departments etc 4 memos to respective departments management etc 5 checklist for documentation process 6 detailedsteps for entry into sap system please note that it is not mandatory for an employee tofollow the exact verbiage of the mail templates memos this is just a guidefor smooth operations.
absoption chillers. after my visit to the scandinavian countries with the british university i have found that they use to generate heat and power from waste since dm have taken the solid waste to generate power we as dewa can use the heat that will be generated from them to a district cooling that runs on absorption chillers the absorption chillers is the most advanced in power usage this type of chiller will use the heat generated from the waste to power plants rather than wasting it. heat source. waste to power plants generates heat that more than the requirment for the absoption chillers.
unveil a first of its kind customer service bot during gitex to provide twenty four hour instant interactive customer support. disrupting the current workflow and realizing a goal of one hundred percent accurate responses with zero turn around time would take customer service to a next level a customer service bot to automate first level customer support would help take customer service support without losing the human touch. customers love a twenty four hours online customer service support but a twenty four hours support is tedious and time consuming considering the repetitive nature of queries and help requests also an instant twenty four hour response system is pragmatically not tangible by a human. implementing a chat bot to automate customer service and provide first hand knowledge be it a on premise solution or on a highly active social media platform fb now provies a messenger bot api along with a bot there could also be a way to let users directly interact with the customer service human interaction to get answers that are not generic enough for the bot eg something like intercom freshdesk.
dewa toner and ink cartridges recycling. think before you throw your ink is a toner and cartridge collection nationwide on going programme sponsored by xerox emirates and organized by enviroserve the campaign aims at collecting and disposing any brand of waste toner and print cartridges from businesses across the uae in our efforts to keep the country clean and encourage businesses to go green. many cartridges of dewa are wasted while they can go to recycling companies inside uae. cartridges and ink of printers can be submitted to cartridge collection companies and recycled instead of being wasted.
dealership for electric vehicles. dewa can start dealership for electric cars this will enables supporting sustanabilty reduce carbon footprint diversification of buisiness for dewa. to reduce the carbon footprint and support sustainabilty. dewa can start dealership for electric cars this will enables supporting sustanabilty reduce carbon footprint diversification of buisiness for dewa.
incentive for dewa employees for purchase electric cars. provide some incentive discounts for dewa employees for purchase electric cars so that all employees will be encouraged to purchase the electric cars. increase in carbon foot print. provide some incentive discounts for dewa employees for purchase electric cars so that all employees will be encouraged to purchase the electric cars this will enables to reduce the carbon foot print.
dewa owned flats for employees. dewa can build or purchase flats and villas in dubai and rent it out to employees. increased rent in dubai employee satisfaction diversification of buisiness. dewa can build or purchase flats and villas in dubai and rent it out to employees this will be an additional income to dewa diversifuication of buisiness.
found ss door open without padlock. found ss door openwithout padlock at ss1728 i have informed the concern employee for the abovess door kindly see thepicture before and after and the attachment. anyonecan enter the ss canbe dangerous nosafety effect dewa image steal dewa items form ss. conduct awareness inform the employees if thereis more ss open door without padlock safety environment.
stability improved for ac system in grdnandenpo 400kv its its. added additional auxiliary contact to mcb fixed at dg when the mcb tripped to received the alarm to hmi. grdn 400kv its its complete feeding supply ac failure from distribution transformer on 15 06 16 all lvac system fail lvac c b stand by supply at essential board not able to closed because no supply received from diesel generator due the diesel generator running but the mcb fixed at dg on tripped position and no alarm received to hmi. and for seeking to avoid the interruption of the completed lvac system supply failure for all substation as happen on 15 06 16we proposal to added additional auxiliary contact to mcb fixed at dg when the mcb tripped we received the alarm to hmiso we can avoided the interruption of the ac system in the future andincreasing the stability of the lvac system in 400kv its its.
smart employee app for smart phones. the app provides the employees with a list of self services such as leave management including submission of leave return from leave requests and inquiry about leave balances and previous leave requests absence and attendance records payroll obtaining information related to the pay including pay slips team hierarchy and search for and contact information of an employee identical to dewa sap system function. the app saves the time of the employee and the manager in following up the employees affairs thereby serving the objective of bringing happiness to people irrespective of their segments and categories also be able to send notes to managers. provide smart employee app for smart phones can be used anywhere round the clock.
assets responsibilities between tcom units. to develop an assets responsibilities matrix between tcom units. no clear responsibility of connections between tcom assets. this suggestion is related to ot telecommunication ot telecommunication departmentconsists of five units each unit has its own assets which are connected to eachother mainly in transmission distribution substations and water rtus responsibility of connections cables connectors etc between these assets are not clear and causing sometime delay in solving faults maintenance issues and duplication in sparesrequirements the suggestion is to develop aresponsibility matrix between each asset and other defining the location of theasset and responsible unit the suggestion is implemented as attached example and submitted in afkari system for record as per managementdirections.
dewa club for games leisuretime activities. dewa can own some area with facilites for all types of games leisuretime activities this can be used by dewa employees as well as outsiders by taking considerable amount. no place for leisure time activities. dewa can own somw area with facilites for all types of games leisuretime activities this can be used by dewa employees as well as outsiders by taking considerable amount.
awareness to customers about sustainability. awareness can be given to customers about sustainability how to reduce carbon foot print this is possible while customers are taking new connections awareness to existing customers can provided through mail mass campaigns etc. less awareness to customers about sustainability and how to reduce carbon foot print. awareness can be given to customers about sustainability how to reduce carbon foot print this is possible while customers are taking new connections awareness to existing customers can provided through mail mass campaigns etc.
supporting dewa its working mothers during school summer holidays flexible time. kids are getting two monthssummer holidays in uae during this time is difficult to manage for workingmothers even if we send them for a summer camp most of the camps are startingfrom eight point three or nine am so if mothers get a flexible time for these period especially in the morning instead of seven point three they can choose the timing from 8 30am to three point three am.  same as description.
multiplexer panel door in substations. for future substations modify the communication specification for multiplexer panels in substations to replace the fixed back door with normal opened door and inside swing door with fixed frame for handling equipment and cables the is will support easier maintenance and more organized cables inside the panel. difficulty in tracing cables and maintenance. the suggestion is related to ot technical management and ot telecommunication departments for future substations modify the communication specification for multiplexer panels in substations to replace the fixed back door with normal opened door and inside swing door with fixed frame for handling equipment and cables the is will support easier maintenance and more organized cables inside the panel.
barcode reader for office use. to provide a barcode reader scanner in each office which can help in arciving the information of the memos letters etc this can be done after having a barcode in each and every paper. 1 losing papers between departments or divisions 2 difficulties to track and to know the status of the memo letter confidential document etc 3 difficulties to archive the papers manually. having a barcode on each paper with a barcode reader at the office reception will help organize the office daily in and out papers avoid losing any confidential documents and reduce the amount of printing the main objective behind employing this barcode system is as follows 1 upon recieving any document from outside the office i e department the reception holds the responsibility of scanning the barcode on this sheet as a result the device will hold evidence that the document has been recieved and can be tracked down for status determination purposes 2 upon taking an action archiving documents the bar code can help in relocating the document within the archived files this would help avoiding any human errors pertaining to loosing or missing the required document in the past or future.
point system for dewa bills. every dewa customer who pays dewa bill should get a point for every dirham paid at those points accumulated should earn the customer a discount coupon thru waffer team pay less dewa bill or gift cards from affiliated companies like carrefour union co op etc. an in depth study should be conducted and finance and waffer team should sit together and discuss the point system and dicounts credits offered. all departments involved should sit together and come to a conclusion about the point system we can benchmark other organizations like etisalat carrerfour etc as they are currently practicing this.
non compliance to refund policy. owner of free hold properties are not authorised to claim their deposit only if the new owner register his name and pay a new security deposit. security deposit is automatically released and adjusted against the final bill upon a tenant move in therfore the system will not hold the full amount deposited by the owner the adjustment may reduce dewa income from dewa portfolio investment. owner its deposit should not be adjusted against the bills any receivable amount to the landlord account should be paid and not to be debited from the security deposit security deposit has to be locked in sap till the new owner and not the tenant register and pay his her deposit.
paying dewa bills through call center using credit cards. pay anytime and anywhere. some people might be out of dubai or out of country and dont even have access to the net so the customer require to pay the only sloution is to pay through the call center using credit cards. so that to avoid any delay in bill payments as some customers might be out of country and has family at home the solution is to provide access of deducting the amount from the credit card using a sort of privecy system that allows the customer to add the credit card details using his phone by dailing the numbers him self the same way how banks does.
installing emergency lighting traffic control in major city junctions vvip and vip areas during black out. dewa has a brilliant black out restoration plan but it will still take some time for restoring the supply if the black out occurs during night time then there will be many chaos in terms of traffic and lighting at major city centres in such a case if we provide emergency lighting traffic control facility then this will help till the power is restored. at night if a black out occurs then there will be no lighting and traffic control at major city centres causing chaos and panic. installing emergency lighting system traffic control in selected city centres which will help to reduce chaos and panic.
uniform representation for stand by generator in spectrum. at present in spectrum system there are different type of representation for stand by generator refer attachment this will make confusion for the end users especially for distribution control center for decision making so a uniform representation to be adopted for stand by generator in spectrum. confusion to dcc staff during outage execution. a uniform representation to be adopted for stand by generator.
tackle the problem of electricity wastage. everyday a large amount of electricity is wasted to beautify villas and apartments using attractive lights this electricity can be saved by using alternative sources of electricity such as solar lighting instead of using dewa supply dewa can take measures to monitor this at the domestic level and tackle the problem of wastage. large amount of electricity is wasted in lights for decorating posh villas and apartments. alternative sources of electricity such as solar lighting can be utilised instead of using dewa supply and dewa should monitor its usage at domestic level.
creativeutilization of dewa resources. at times its difficult for some employees to afford the expenses of accomodation in dubai deleted substations at some places can be renovated and modified to provide low rate accomodation facilities for the staff. expensive accomodation in dubai. deleted substations can be renovated and utilized for employee accommodation.
quran recitation competition for dewa employees. conduct holly quran recitation competion for dewa employees expecially during ramadan. nil. nil.
sustainable energy flooring. the sustainable energy floor is the world its most efficient energy converting pedestrian floor system which can be usued in pavements and high footfall areas like office appartment etc. save environment reduce pollution and save energy. with the sustainable energy floor we take the enery generating floor to the next level by means of an electromechanical system the sustainable energy floor convert kinetic energy of people its footsteps to electrical power.
dewa its smart first aid kit self medical service. pls find belowlink to watch the video and read the full details http www medgadget com 2016 06 gale a smart first aid kit backed by real clinicians html i suggest touse the smart first aid kit in our head office or sustainable building we can name it dewa its smart firstaid kit summary gale kit smartfirst aid kit also features a touchscreen display that offers instructions onhow to perform common procedures such as tending to a burn or fracture aswell as a quick way to order resupplies if more help is needed the gale canalso connect to an on call health professional we can customize it to call dewa staff via cellular service allowing the user to receive live video assistance customer can directlyuse it and it can be connected with our staff via cellular service this will help ourcustomer self medical service and during action our staff can reach tolocation if needed it will be displayin ground floor with a0 broacher touchscreendisplay on the inside cover is used to access instructions on how to performdifferent procedures these include cuts burns concussions fractures anda bunch of other common situations that can strike anyone at home or office if additional assistance is required beyond the built ininstructions the gale can video connect with on call health experts. improvement. pls find belowlink to watch the video and read the full details http www medgadget com 2016 06 gale a smart first aid kit backed by real clinicians html i suggest touse the smart first aid kit in our head office or sustainable building we can name it dewa its smart firstaid kit summary gale kit smartfirst aid kit also features a touchscreen display that offers instructions onhow to perform common procedures such as tending to a burn or fracture aswell as a quick way to order resupplies if more help is needed the gale canalso connect to an on call health professional we can customize it to call dewa staff via cellular service allowing the user to receive live video assistance customer can directlyuse it and it can be connected with our staff via cellular service this will help ourcustomer self medical service and during action our staff can reach tolocation if needed it will be displayin ground floor with a0 broacher touchscreendisplay on the inside cover is used to access instructions on how to performdifferent procedures these include cuts burns concussions fractures anda bunch of other common situations that can strike anyone at home or office if additional assistance is required beyond the built ininstructions the gale can video connect with on call health experts.
powerstation for customers for phones and tablets. provide powerstations or charging station kiosks for customers to charge their phones and tablets. no such solution provided in the customer section. customer can charge their phones while they are waiting for their turn or while they are finishing they work with customer service.
long time interval outages should be repeated again in schedule at the time of taking it back or closing it to avoid missing it or any delay. long time interval outages like idt its or dt its to be kept out or pqa connection disconnection are often forgotten to be taken back by either control room engineeers or field engineers due to long time interval between the starting and ending time of the outage it is common that if pqa connection outage should be given today we will find the outage in the schedule and if this outage is to be taken back after one week it could be forgotten or delayed so it is preferred that same outage to be repeated again in schedule while taking it back like for example pqa disconnection outage so as to avoid any unwanted delay this applies to all other long term outages as well. taking back an outage that was released one week before could be forgotten as this outage is only mentioned on the schedule at the time of giving the outage only. same outage should be mentioned again in schedule at the time of taking back.
sucess story timely completion of rmu routine maintenance. i am mr mozammel hossain banagladeshi nationality working with dewa from april 2007 and this my 3rd work place during my work period i was working at field upto june 2009 and after that i was assigned office activities for maintenance planning and scheduling secondary ss routine maintenance i have been promoted as an assistant engineer from foreman within three years for my excellence service in my work place several times i have taken hole section responsibities in absence of my manager also taken full responsibities for budget coordination and procument process in sap from two thousand and ten under maintenance deira zone i have more than three sucess story in different work place in my life as per campaign topic out of all i like to share one of my small sucess story which was happening in my present work place dewa. in two thousand and twelve i have received three nos urgent additional routine maintenace for pk 5525 pk 0627 and pk 8580 which need to finish with in target time between 06 45am to 10 30am the ss are located in desert area which is very dicult to reach with vehicle also all groups were busy with others scheduled maintenance activities which cannot avoid or cancelled to maintained cml. i discussed my manager for the matter and he suggest me to get support from other section other wise cancelled maintenance which is less important i checked with other sections and not found support due to their overload actiovities then i dicided to take this challange my self based on my judgment i dicided to go site with my three technical staffs and contact with do to deliver me work permit on one place pk 0627 instead of three places to save my time for completing task as per time i split my team two groups with two persons for nearby two substation which i can monitor easily without using vehicle in desert and after finishing two i gather all members again in one team and reach pending one ss to complete maintenance activities during my work i motivated my all team members to do hard work with quality without any force also made proper plan as per site condition and explained them my plan to make more easy coordination to complete this chellenging task and finally i reached my target without compromise quality for routine maintenance for my this hard effort i got appriciation from my section whuich i attached for evidence.
solved departmental record keeping problem. mdr department didn t have any database to keep the data and records systematically developed and designed several databases to address these issues. mdr department under distribution power didn t have any database to keep the data and records systematically. developed and designed several databases to keep all the daily task and records and details systematically and in an organized way those databases were the only source of records for mdr department until sap even after sap which is not available in sap and also the internal requirements are still doing with these databases the databases have been implemented in the mdr department.
my story a graphic designer in hr a moment of challenge hardwork and inspiration. my story a graphic designer in hr a moment of challenge hardwork and inspiration. my story a graphic designer in hr a moment of challenge hardwork and inspiration. my story a graphic designer in hr a moment of challenge hardwork and inspiration.
arrange the entire eleven kv ring together which is feeding from same base station. the eleven kv ringswhich is feeding from same base station bring together we can include the complete ring of a same base station in five or six pages accordingly we can give the numbering also. the new online mv ring diagram beta isnot up to the mark and doesn t meet the dfo requirements the new ring diagramis not easy to refer and identify which cause unnecessary delay in outages anddelay in supply restoration. the number of eleven kv feeders in a132 11 kv substation is around forty eight or less these forty eight feeders are arranged in 3bus bar and each bus bar may have sixteen feeders we have maximum of twenty four rings foreach 132 11kv substation some old 132 11 kv substation and 33 11 6 6 kvsubstation have different arrangement the idea is bring all therings together and arrange alternative pages each page may contain four or five rings so we can include complete ring ofa 132 11kv station in five or six pages or may be less than these then each pagecan number 1 2 3 like that for example refer the attachment the entire ring arrangement of ybri132 11kv the entire ring arranged in six pages same way we can arrange the entire11 kv ring and give the numbering accordingly so the eleven kv rings which isfeeding from same base station will come together.
paintings or murals across the walkways indoor galleries inside the key dewa premise. idea about the to painting murals in galleries walkways inside the key dewa premises even external internal walls can be depicted with such painting representing the local culture uae heritage values history etc even some of them may be contemporary calligraphy paintings. walkways galleries inside seems to be monotonous the vibrant colors of painting murals gives us breeze feelings if organize depicted in a appropriate manners a way for silent inspiration a missing elements. if we some paintings murals insides the walkways galleries that should based on the local culture heritage will soothe effects and will promote local heritage it will inspire us for more creative recently i came across some of beautiful painting by children from rashid cnetre for special needs these children its smile are directly portrait its into their painting so i strongly recommends some painting from rashid centre to be used to for the above said purpose.
avoiding schedule outage to top up sf6 gas pressure in rmu. avoiding schedule outage totop up the gas little modificationrequired on the rmu cover to access gas valve in elmec efacec abbormazabl mg rm6 mg ringmaster tamco siemns elettromeccanica col spa rmu its. elmec efacec abbormazabl mg rm6 mg ring master tamco siemns elettromeccanica col spa rmu its has no access to gas valve without open front cover required schedule outage to top up gas pressure. tendering and engineering department has to ask manfacture to do modification for rmu to easy access to gas valve for top up gas once modification completed in rmu cover it is easy to top up the gas with a caution permit already these in lucy rmu.
automatic toilet seat cover. if dewa accept thissuggestion it will be healthy for everyone and it doesn t expensive because itis already available at some restaurants. dewaadmin buildings and customer service centers are being maintained by cleaningcontracting companies and the contract conditions approved by health and safetysection and are provided with high level of cleaning and hygiene services butall those for toilet floor ground not for toilet seats so if dewa accept this suggestionit will be healthy for all and it is not expensive because outside dewa isavailable at some restaurant. http youtu be 6umwkqjtzkc.
parking area and car shades. many staff in dewa head office complain about the lack of parking area and car shades. no enough parking for dewa staff no cars shades. i suggest to add more levels on the existing parking area which will be like a building that have more than one level so that the parking area will be enough for all employees and until the building is finished the staff can use cs parking and the cs can have valley parking.
all customer smart applications can be kept live in dewa stand. as advertisement dewa can keep 02 03 nos big touch screen monitor for visitors to make live customer smart applications like online bill payment new connection disconnection application onlinecomplain etc in side dewa pavilion to make more awareness for dewa customerfor smart service. most of the cosumers are not aware how to use smart application for dewa service and how it is help to solve their needs very easaily. 02 03 nos big touch screen monitor can keep with live connection for visitors to use customer smart applications like online bill payment new connection disconnection application online complain etc in side dewa pavilion to make more awareness for dewa customer for smart service.
mobile repair unit. my name is islam abuhamdah i am working asasst mngr in asset management dep 8 years prior to that i was working withjordan electric power co jepco now i am proud to be one of dewa staff i wantto contribute to dewa success innovation is my passion it is part of mylife i love what i do and i enjoy it and can not imagine doing something else years ago my dream was to be here in this environment dewa and to have the management support which all of us have my secrets ofsuccess are my continuous learning my constant trials perseverance and the factthat i love what i do i am very optimistic about the future i am jordanian and have two kids kareem andleen i share my ideas with my family i consult them and some of my ideas insuggestion systems are from my family j i am rmu expert with more than thirteen years ofin depth experience in failure investigation maintenance commissioning testing specification and automation and performance assessment ofdistribution substation equipment i achieved forty three nos of awards andappreciation ideas uk germany idea mee best innovation and dgep 2016 i am senior ieee member power and energysociety member reliability society member and ieee smart grid member ietmember asq member apqc member pls visit mypage in linkedin and connect with me https www linkedin com in islam abuhamdah 03a2b719 challenge and idea summary till the year before 2012 sf6 gas ring main units rmu havinggas leakages were being replaced from the substation with new one we initiated a mobile repair unit for the rectification of suchgas leakages of rmus by mobilizing trained staff for carrying out the work atthe site instead of replacing the rmus the idea has been implemented by maintenance diera and dubai details ofidea as per manufacturers instruction the rmus are to be replaced incase of sf6 gas leakage for its rectification at manufacturer its works there was high rate of leakage defects 50nos per year approximately and replacement of all leaky units causesconsumer supply interruption and high cost of equipment replacement the idea of leakage rectification was formulated through groupdiscussions and the set up was made for rectifying most possible leakagechances and trained all staff involved in emergency maintenance as shown in thephotographs in annexure 1and2 there by self sufficiency was achieved andleakage rectification at site instead of replacement was established the idea hasbeen implemented by maintenance diera and dubai pls refer to attached photos benefit cost saving of approx four point four million wasachieved by leakage rectification at site and avoiding replacement of two hundred and ninety nos rmus avoided consumer supply interruption to about 72 250consumers for about 5hrs secured the environmental hazard due to the sf6 gas leakage by seven hundred and thirty three k g gas promoting dewa vision by improving the systemsustainability meet our customer satisfaction by providinguninterrupted power supply increased productivity increased staffknowledge significant reduction of direct and indirect greenhousegas emissions with a corresponding reduction in global warming impact. as above till the year before 2012 sf6 gas ring main units rmu having gas leakages were being replaced from the substation with new one. as above.
measure the stroke distance for vcb in cap bank feeders for all makes. communicate with vcb manfucturers to provide us with the acceptable values for the stroke distance then we can measure it for vcb in cap bank feeders and compare it with the accepted value. recently we depend on bottle contact resistance and vacuum breakdown voltage test to identify the integrity of vi which is seemed to be not enough to detect any defect in the vi poles and after many flashovers happened in siemens 3ahs1 cbs siemens recommended to measure the stroke distance in addition to the contact resistance to detect any problems that may existed inside the vacuum botles for other makes we don t know whether the same problem is existed or not. measure the stroke distance for vcb in cap bank feeders and compare it with the accepted value this can be done during r m or thru special outage as a summenr activity.
my success story. my name is sana amir baksh i joined dewa during september 2013 and i work in dewa call center as acustomer care representative i am very happy with my job i find it very challengingwhich is something i love so i always give my best in order to provide the bestservice in every way possible.  i do not utilize any sick leaves or shortleaves or early clocks as to represent myself as a hardworking and seriousemployee i keep my breaks to a very minimal in orderto increase my punctuality and i maintained a record of ninety eight percent productivitythroughout the whole year which i personally believe is a great achievementcompared to a target of eighty nine percent in another words in2015 i handled nineteen thousand and ninety four customer calls and voicenot ready2 12 percent andcomplaints compared to a department average of 6 500 calls! since the day i joined i wanted to setmyself as a role model for my colleagues by god its grace i was able to establisha good name and reputation for myself among both my colleagues and themanagement i was the top performer for the last yearwith my name being on top of the list for six months and among the first three topperformers in the other six months and i was recognized for all my hard effortsby receiving substantially exceeding the expectations for my first yearevaluation i also taken part in participating in dewa its my idea program that focuses on suggesting initiatives and ideas that are directed towards improving the efficiency and quality of the services provided by the company moreover dewa has given us enough tools to innovate and it depends on each individual on the extent and commitment level that he puts in utilizing these tools due to my numerous valid suggestions i wasinterviewed in the head office to discuss my innovation journey as to inspireother dewa staff in becoming more innovative i believe my success comes from myprogressive thinking and positive attitude towards work i believe that hard work and commitment paysat the end which in my case was true i feel great and happy when a customercommends me on the service i provided and become determined to seek the samewith every call i receive i had received many recommendations and thankyou letters from satisfied customers as well as numerous awards of appreciationand appraisals by my management was named the best call agent of the year i grew up thinking eureka moments were as if by divineintervention supposed to simply appear the support and respect from my fellowcolleagues as well as the appreciation from my management and organization arevery important factors.
renovation up gradation of d station phase 1 desal on line tube cleaning control systemsby replacing electromagnetic relay logic with plc logic and moderncomponents. d stationphase 1 desal on line tube cleaning control systems are in service for last 38years due to frequent failure of old electromagnetic analog controlelements maintenance hours cost and un availability of the oltc systems arebeing increased gradually if the old electromagnetic analog control elementsare replaced by plc and digital components it will be user fried spare parts will be easilyavailable troubleshooting will be easier and quick using online monitoring oflogic time stamped events and alarms and hence reliability and availability ofthe oltc systems i e desal units will be increased. frequentfailures faults of d station phase 1 desal oltc systems due to ageing of usedelectromagnetic analog control elements causing gradual increase ofmaintenance hours cost and un availability of the oltc systems. development ofplc logic and design engineering of renovation up gradation of the oltcsystems has been done in house replacement andre commissioning of the old electromagnetic analog control elements by plcand digital components in house specialized team which has already carried out several similar projects can be utilized.
have a comment! leave your number and we will contact you. as per the closing reasons for idea i 2016 05722 which has the title of complaints and suggestions recording booth in customer service centres that the idea need to be resubmitted but instead of recording to amend the idea to leaving their number and then we contact them back. lack of customer comments leads to less number of needs identified. to encourage customers to give more suggestions and complaints and avoid writing their comments why not provide thru online and service centres the have a comment! leave your number and we will contact you this way we will be able to collect more comments and it doesn t cost to implement.
my story hard work motivation and inspiration. my story hard work motivation and inspiration.  success is a journey not a destination.
attendance reward. the idea is to reward the employee that didn t use his short leave of three months per year to two days of earned leave and its not necessary to be consecutive. useing your short leave is your right and no one can stop you from however that can effect the employee productivity. motivate the employees with the attendance reward idea.
vitamin d stations around dewa offices. tohave a place where ladies can set and get exposed to the sun during the breaktime outside the office it should have limited space so only fifteen to twenty minutesallowed to sit and should be covered to have a comfortable exposer to sun asit was indicated that with only fifteen mins exposure to sun for three times in a weekis sufficient. generalemployee health as seventy eight percent of the uae population are vitamin d deficient mostly inwomen one ofthe signs of vitamin d deficiency is sadness. build kiosks for vitamin d exposure around dewa offices.
rewards and recognition using reward points. spot peopledoing the right thing and reward them rewarding employees willencourage them and build trust have a scheme using reward points to reward employees immediately for a job well done.  apart from thequarterly awards it would be good to have a scheme by which a manager canreward his her own team or members of other teams for some outstanding workdone at the start ofevery quarter each manager team leade can be provided with a certain number ofpoints say one thousand reward points and can reward his her team members or membersof other teams by assigning these points to them the reward points can beawarded as 10 20 50 one hundred points points can be redeemed by the employees asand when they have accumulated enough points to qualify for a gift voucher orother gifts this way a job well done however small can be rewarded immediately.
video tutorial manual for system activites. provide videotutorial manual alongside pdf manual which demonstrate the steps to completing activitiesin system. pdf file showsonly snapshots of the system which some time is not enough to complete the activities. videos will be clear for users.
edit idea in mydewa ideas. edit ideas after submiting it in mydewa ideas. typos cant be edited.
providing battery operated efi at looping cables in complex ohl circuits. battery operated out door efis to be installed in long ohl portaions which has multiple looping cables for faster fault identification during occurrences. when there is a fault in a ohl circuit with multiple looping cables the faulty cable is identified by lowering looping cables one by one this takes lot of time and effort of do and dm staff. battery operated efis suitable for out door application with appropraite ingress protection rating ip65 or more shall be installed at the termination point of looping cables at identified such ohl circuits identification of circuits shall be based on past occurrence history number of looping cables in the segment and length of the cable no power supply required for the efi as already battery is availble hence can be installed at any remote location as well.
employee work anniversary. we cant celebrate bearthdays but we can celebrate the anniversary on the joining date of the employee achocolate can be sent to make him feel important and happy or email with his her picture and a thank you note.  on the joining date an email can be sent to all dewa employee to celebrate the years being worked in dewa maybe a chocolate can be sent or just saying thank you for satying with dewa.
dewa achieves world record water loss rate. i am working in ufw unaccounted for water section my job is finding the leak in water pipeline then unmetered connection illegal connection booster pump etc i found one hundred and fifty leaks visible and twenty six leaks non visible in 2014 then two thousand and fifteen i found the visible leaks 81 non visible leaks 18 unmetered connection 8 temporary connection removed 17 booster pumps 4 stopcock leaks not included. before two thousand and thirteen dewa water loss was eleven percent after ufw section starts water loss every year gradually reduced now present status seven point five percent only eleven percent to seven point five percent. 1 using noise logger ground microphone correlator we can easily find the leak with the help of this equipment 2 then inspection of all communities whether any unmetered or illegal connection is having or not 3 after that inspection of booster pumps if use booster pumps water will go more but meter quickly becoming fault so we want to remove this booster pumps 4 then bulkmeter survey we check all bulk meters 2 4 6 8 meter is rotating properly or not because commercial buildings labour camps everyday using millions gallions of water but meter stop so ufw section stats now bulk meter surveys also almost completed.
name board for all employees on their desk with designation or without designation. it will be good to place name board for each employees working inside office and having their own seat name board can have designation or without designation details some times other employees itself having some difficulties to meet and find out other employees desk. some times employees coming from other department or office location to meet getting difficulty to find out the desk. by placing the board it will uniquely identify the employee desk.
a survivor.
central team unit from vp dm office for budget process upto utilization. budget process is a huge activities forevery section department in dewa which need regular coordination and followup with lps finance contract suppliers and other related departments tocomplete utilization yearly approved budget super department vp office canbe introduced centrally a new small unit to make necessary action for creatingall types of pr cq se wbs etc with coordination all concern sections underthe departments or additional activities can be assigned vp office existingbudget follow up team for same with increasing necessary manpower to ensurebudget utilization more systematically maximum utilization as per target time and maintained kpi under the department. as per existing practice every sections assigned staffs to complete the procurement process whichincrease departmental divisional work volume due to involved more staffs insame activities also more nos of problem are identified which are mentionedas below 1 most of thesection departments fail to utilized maximum budget amount with in targettime due busy with other sectional activities or not making proper plan andcoordination 2 reportingsystem always making delay due to involved more sections and work their ownstyle 3 vendorselection making different prices for same items within department fordifferent sections 4 increasingmaterial code duplication for same one item due to direct coordination withstore with their own specification 5 section madebudget transfer without checking other section support due miscommunication 6 vp office notgetting actual utilization report due to not authorized section budget process insap. to get superior output with in superdepartment a central team can be made as a unit under vp office or existingbudget follow up team can be modified as a hole budget process unit includingcreate pr cq se wbs etc up to section level with making necessary coordination concernsection departments to utilize budget systematically and ensure maximum budgetutilization within super department.
cooling heating vest. workers in extreme temperatures wear personal air conditioners pacs to minimize heat stress cold stress and fatigue and improve comfort and productivity. fiel staff are facing harsh environment on site going inside chambers patrolling in sandy areas under the sun and doing physical activities. cooling heating vest which is made to serve such purposes kindly refer to http www vortec com personal air conditioners for more clarification.
my path of success. my name is riham mahmoud saad i ve been a part of dewasince two thousand and eight i ve completed my higher education during my service and obtainedbachelor with honors in information technology during two thousand and sixteen in addition to mytasks as a sr personal asst to vp i work as the strategy ambassador ofconnection services department in charge of preparation of kpi definitioncards initiative profiling forms initiative progress forms and update ofquarterly and annual performance in the bsc since my day one i ve gained the trust of my superiors and colleagues andalways been a reference for my team mates in terms of exploring newlyimplemented systems where i ve always been curious to explore understand andshare knowledge with others i daily deal with customers and solve connectionissues bearing in mind achieving their happiness which resulted in receiving many thanks and appreciation letters and emailsfrom them i am the in charge of updating dewa website content in both arabicand english pertaining to new connections which i believe directly impactson dewa its image that we as a part of this organization aim to improve isucceeded in completing the major update of website content at the time of transformingfrom classic to modern view website and assured that the content is up to dateand reflects clearly the processes of connection services i am a member ofvideo tutorial initiative team where i played a key role in reviewing andamending the video content which aims to clarify the details connection processto our valuable customers and accordingly achieve their happiness inaddition i am the departments in charge of summer training students includingboth scholarship and non scholarship students where i monitor theirattendance assure effective utilization of their abilities and create apositive atmosphere in order to support their learning and growth in addition i took the initiative to create a simplified presentation for managers andcoordinators familiarizing them with the performance appraisal process thru sapsystem and emphasized the real meaning of overall appraisal ratings which isapproved by evp and cascaded to all dp departments. nil. my awards distinguished female employee q1 2016 knowledge star award two thousand and fifteen distinguished strategy representative 2015 distinguished administrative employee 2009 special act award two thousand and thirteen.
seven stars service for special needs customers. i suggest using the drive through concept to establish seven starts customer service experience especially for special needs customers and serve them immediately from their cars dewa can send a representative to take the request from disable car parking and serve them with complementary dates and arabic coffee while waiting in addtion to wi fi acesess dewa can install an alarm system besides their parking to call for service other idea can create driving through road similar to fast food restaurant to serve them without the need to get out from the car. special needs customers. drive through concept.
success story of dsa for logo island. dewa supply for logo islands are feeding from three eleven kv ss ss10177ab and ss10176 in case of power interruption restoration to the same can not be doneimmediately since it is away from mainland. the ss was designed with distribution system automation dsa provision todo it remotely from control room over the years it was not functioningproperly and we were not able to sort the issue even after multiple tries to solve this we scheduled a joined team inspection dfo dam dssandr tp and dcc on 19thapril 2016 ss10177a and ss10177b rtu and communication were checked and gprs signal strength was foundperfect visual inspection on both motorized actuator was conducted and wasacceptable by all parties status of different iso was available dcc also efi status was updated withoutdelay any delay status updation of controls to dcc was bit delayed while switching betweenlocal supervisory in the ctrl panel of ss controls were performed in local mode successfully to make sure theefficiency of the motor however supervisory operation was unsuccessful from dcc ss10176 control voltage 24vdc was not getting atswitchgear control end. tcscoordinated with all concern department at site and implemented iec 104protocol with new processor further all the digital input status indicationshave been verified from field up to master station for ss10177a and ss10177b butisolator controls could not perform from master station distribution controlcenter hub upon further investigation we observed that some 24vdc was comingfrom the field to rtu digital output card and hanged which is over writing thecommand from dcc tcsverified the all simulation test for above stations at work shop with newdigital output card and found all the controls are working fine a site visit would be scheduled for 16th may two thousand and sixteen ss10177a and ss10177b newdigital output card was replaced in the slot and reprogrammed controls were successfullyperformed both in local and supervisory mode from dcc ss10176 control voltage 24vdc wasnot getting at switchgear control end further investigation link was found loose contact atsupply terminals in rtu and it was fixed newdigital output card was replaced in the slot and reprogrammed controls were successfullyperformed both in local and supervisory mode from dcc.
accuracy in cml entry. accuracy in cml entry can be improved by incorporating pop up messages in some designated fields by comparing with another field for example there are fields to update automatically or manually residential commercial government industrial and other customers also there is another field to enter total customer no in each station either automatically from sap or manual entry in some cases customer no to be updated manually while entering this error may happen causing mismatch in the station wise customer no and sum of residential comm iind govt and other customers these fields to be compared by sap and give error message if there is mismatch also sum of kvas during each restoration steps should match with total kva these two cases are illustrated in attached diagram. error in data entry makes inaccurate kpi reporting and so occ a engineer is double checking the data entry. pop up messages to appear 1 when there is a mismatch in sum of customers of each type and total customer no with station 2 when there is mismatch between sum of kvas interrupted during each step of restoration and the total kva field.
make afkari portal more accessible to dewa employees via dewa portals. it is necessary to make afkari portal more accessible by dewa employees therefore there should be an attractive banner of afkari placed on many portals that are used daily by employees such as freejna myportal and if possible on khadamatech and eform so that people can easily find and access afkari this would encourage people to explore afkari and as a result participate with more ideas. currently it is not easy to find the link to afkari portal employee either needs to call afkari team or divisional secretary or search his email to find out the emails received from internal communications about afkari program. afkari team to contact itd division to design and place a banner for afkari on the famous portals such as freejna myportal eform khadamatech.
open afkari portal to the access from outside dewa. dewa needs their employees to participate in submitting ideas through afkari currently staff cannot access afkari portal during their holidays off hours weekends etc because the portal is not accessible from outside dewa they have to come to dewa to submit ideas add to it busy people always utilize their working hours to complete duties having meetings or submitting assignments they don t have sufficient time to open afkari and submit brilliant ideas unless they come after working hours or come on holidays the alternative way is to enable the access to afkari portal from outside dewa so that employees can submit ideas during off hours as far as i know there is mobile version that is on the pipeline and it might be accessible from outside however dewa cannot limit it self to mobile alone the portal it self must be accessible from outside without vpn similar to freejna or dewa website. afkari portal is not accessible from outside dewa many people are unable to record their ideas during holidays off hours and they must coming after working hours or weekends to office to submit ideas especially if they don t have vpn access. one dewa miss the ideas from employees during weekends off hours vacations due to unavailabilty of the access to afkari from outside dewa 2 dewa looses the ideas from busy staff who are utilizing their one hundred percent working hours in meetings and doing job related stuff and during their off hours after they leave dewa they cannot access the portal.
substaion inspection during night shift. identify abnormality inside susstation to prevent any damage or lose. inside substaion to many abnormality like oil leakege gas leakege over heated feder fuse carrier are not inserted properly dusty floor over rated fuses animal entrance possible earth wire is proper door hnges abstruct infront of noor inside light to many trash day by day earth wire theft cases are increasing some sus station are very old to prevent from any damage we need to check time to time so that it work properly without any interuption because customer staisfaction is always first if we check daily we can get clue about earth wire stolen on time some old stations number is dleted and hard to identifi substaion number specially pmts. concern depart provide list of substain no area wise so that technicain could cheack at least five substation at during nightshift to check conditin inside the substation so that we can take necesary cation on time and protect from any losse or damage.
waterand civil division training and promotional video. with the recent approval and implementationof idea no i 2015 04166 operations of dewa water networktraining and promotional video mainly benefited by the water operationsdepartment itis also proposed to develop a similar video for other departments under thewater and civil division to be used as a visual aid in the orientation of newdewa employees the video will capture the important aspectsthat new dewa joiners should know about water and civil division which mayinclude the organizational framework objectives scope of work and all other majoractivities being undertaken by the following departments i water maintenance ii metering and equipment iii water scada iv projects andengineering pew d and pew t. toemerge as a world class utility we should be able to depict a culture ofexcellence in our workplace this couldinclude having a highly presentable orientation material not just for wateroperations department but also for other departments in water and civildivision at present new joiners have to go to each department searching for the training coordinator and waiting for the availability of thestaff from each section who should conduct the training doing this from oneoffice to another is time consuming and exhausting no matter how well we explain the activities we do andhow good our facilities are words are no better than something people can bothhear and see however it is inconvenient if not impossible for us to explorewith our trainees the actual on site activities we do and the facilities we usein a short span of time the available multimedia audio visual aid used by wateroperations department will be a point of comparison and apparently anadvantage if all other departments have similar orientation and trainingmaterial. a separatevideo will be developed for each department for training and orientationpurposes moreover these videos can becombined together and streamlined not just for orientation of new dewa joinersbut also to promote dewa to its external stakeholders thru the activities andachievements of water and civil division committeesshould be formed at divisional and departmental level to undertake this projectfrom the preparation of write ups gathering of videos photos and final videoediting likewise a budget should beallocated for this project.
my first step toward success. omar is a civil service culture oriented employee known for hisability to analyze data and finds solutions to customer needs he started hiscareer in the year two thousand and four as a branch assistant in dubai bank and joined dewa inthe year two thousand and six as an officer in the technical complaints section during thesame year he was transferred to bill payment services to enable him to pursuehis bachelor degree in business administration from university of dubai and earnedthe degree in the year two thousand and twelve he was rewarded during different occasions such asexcellence awards and recognition program for two thousand and fourteen best cash supervisor forthe 2nd quarter dewa stars award for the outstanding category staff atcustomer service for the year two thousand and ten to two thousand and eleven cash service best employee awardfor the 1st quarter in two thousand and nine and lately ranked 2nd for the bestservice star award in the two thousand and fifteen second cycle awards his efforts in elevatingthe services level support services with theirstandards in order to maintain conformance percentages create any sort of reportsthat could lead to better service levels provide ideas andinitiatives to the branch manager or thru the ideas system in order to improvethe quality level of the services and general improvement involved with the centredevelopment team in order to identify customer needs and implement improvementplans involved in manyinitiatives concerning customer service development the following illustratesthe improvement rates in the indicators from two thousand and fourteen to two thousand and fifteen in ayal nasir centrewhich he was working at overall service qualitylevel improved by seven point three four percent customer satisfaction levelimproved by twenty one point five two percent level of trust improved by5 81 percent average waiting timeimproved by sixty two point seven nine percent average serving timeimproved by three point one three percent percent within limit in waitingimproved by twenty five point one three percent percent within limit in servingimproved by four point five six percent.
email notifications for sap nod notice of defect system. set an automatic email notification system for the nod with the nod details including the nod reference number to the user who created the nod and who observed the nod and this notification should continue upon every follow ups on that particular nod until the final closure of the nod. the user who observed created the nod is not updated about the defect whether the defect is attended resolved pending etc in some cases the planner group or work center may require additional information about the defect from the person who observed created the defect in this case planner group or work center may put a comment in the description field but the person who created the nod can not get any information about this comment until he she log in to the sap and look up in to that particular nod it is not easy if more number of nods are raised by a single user in other cases the nod may be assigned with wrong codes to a wrong planner group or wrong work center in this case the wrongly assigned planner group or work center writes comments in the description field about the scope of work but the nod initiator is unaware about it unless he she is notified about it if the user gets an email upon every updates on the nod he she can keep a track on every nod raised. the person who creates one nod should receive an automatic email with details such as nod number type of defect and the details about planner group and work center immediately after saving the nod in to the sap system in case work center or planner group comments on the nod both parties should get the email notification and this notification should continue upon each update the email notification should continue until the defect is attended and closed.
increasing participants in takaful and charity. in order to encourage employees to participate in takaful i suggest to use more innovative ways. employees are not encouraged to participate in takaful andnot aware of the cases. in order to encourage employees to participate in takaful i suggest to use more innovative ways cases should be classified into groups for example doubts sickness ext there should be a charity campaigns for each group in takaful and we should specify the amount needed to close the case later on employees are going to have an option to send money to the campaign by sms and he can choose the amount one hundred two hundred fifty twenty five ten the campaign status will be sent to all dewa employee to show how much they reach and how much is left after closing the campign it will be shown to everyone how did this campign helped the people without announcing the names.
success goes beyond the dotted lines. i appreciate for this unique initiative about your own success story i have read many successful stories of renowned leaders around the world but writing my own successful story is really a touching moment being a asst chemist for last 8years in tp tam oil lab gives several opportunity to excel some of them are pro active and some of them provided through the acute situation being chemistry graduate and environment management pg diploma holder analytical chemistry and issue pertaining to environment fascinate me a lot my entire span of professional exposure around 16years revolve around accreditation compliance requirement such as iso 17025. changing things at the level of your identity is going to change everything i have given several opportunity to excel to change basically i believe change crusader some of them are pro active and some of them provided through the acute situation and very thankful to dr magdy to allow me to do thinks creatively. multiple approach to to multiple problem significantsuggestionwas to form the grid systemfor gas flow used for analytical purpose as we normally know grid inelectricity transportation but this can be used in gas transportation donethis in oil lab enclosed herewith before this system we used have many set ofcylinder esp for gas chromatography we have three gc each gc fid tcd require3set of gas cylinder total 9no but in grid system only we can work with03cylinder so you can connect as many gc possible but logically scientifically this system we extended for lpg he also to connect flash point hplc oxidationstability also figure 1 two and 3 eachtest have written description in short in front of equipment to know moreabout test method significant permissible limit having praise from allquarters photograph enclosed the most significant was introduction of oil lab broucher the triggering point of theinitiative was the meeting rare opportunity provided me to discuss marketingaspect for oil lab with mcc and team mcc asked us that we have something toshow i instantly proposed an idea to have oil lab brochure to highlight theanalytical services we are offering instantly this idea was accepted giventhis task to me to write text englishversion from concept toconceptualization of said brochure i suggested that we will go fororiginality will use real photograph of our lab with real team members allare promptly accepted by tp tam mcc management the most notable one was thepropositional photography by the expert because photography done by us but notupto the mark and rejected i amreally thankful to mcc for their relentless support for making this realityand same boucher original contain contain 600words approx with 5 6 wordcorrection only was launched last yearwetex photograph enclosed suggesting on lineprocess for oil lab i have suggested to make oil lab entire processon line enclosed copy which was promptly accepted and later this entiresystem presented in the form of beautiful presentation by one of my colleaguesms asma and pave the way to do so therewere numerous suggestion significant contribution for the accreditation as apro active preventive corrective contribution from time to time some of them are very notable playing a active role inafkari fekra mbrmajlis through various creative ideas suggestion some of them accepted in afkari fekra aswell awards i appreciation certificate e vp tp for oil lab accreditation as per iso seventeen thousand and twenty five ii fekra suggestion award iii tp tem environmentsuggestion appreciation.
dewa gas pipeline network and reliability success story. 2009 dewa power stations d k l1 and l2 were operating from 48rm1 dusup ng pipeline only dewa power station e and g were operating from 24 dewa and 24 dusup ng pipelines dusup has requested inspection of 48rm1 pipeline as ten years completed and requetsed dewa to shutdown the 48rm1 pipeline and operate the stations d k l1 and l2 on diesel fuel oil dusup request for shutdown of 48rm1 pipeline was not accepted dewa asked dusup to construct new redundent 48 pipeline for all dewa stations once new 48 line is available for operation shutdown on existing 48rm can be arranged this is how requirement of 48rm2 pipeline was arisen and 48rm2 pipeline was sucessfully commissioned in two thousand and eleven. construction of new 48 ng pipeline in operational power plant was challanging task as pipeline route was complex due to interference with seawater pipeline sea water outfall cooling water pipelines potable water pipelines one hundred and thirty two kv underground cables on route of 48rm2 pipeline and laterals for all stations d e k gandl m and lateron tie in work with existing piping network this has caused regular alterations in pipeline route considering safety of operational power plants and associated services. complex pipeline route was surveyed by pipeline cable locator trial pit and trial trench to identify the final acceptable route safegurding existing services namely cooling water pipeline cables etc manual excavation was carried out all throughout the 48rm2 pipeline construction project heavy equipment movement and their parking was controlled with continuous vigilance by commissioning team daily meetings with contractor were conducted for better co ordination and quick decisions on crucial items this project spanned over sixteen eighteen months 48rm1 commissioning is completed in may 2011.
electric vehicle charging station regulatory signage boards for major roads in emirates of dubai. the electric vehicle collaborative has identified two types ofsigns that will be needed to appropriately identify and regulate electric vehicle charging stations general service signs and regulatory signs general service signs include signs that identify thecharging station as well as signs that direct a motorist to charging station regulatory signs permit or restrict the use of the charging station similar tosigns that prohibit or limit time for parking. electric vehicle chargingstation route signage board not available in major roads in dubai. standard electric vehicle charging station signage board to be fixed all majorroads in dubai to identify the charging station as well as signs that direct a motoristto dewa electric vehicle charging station.
outage planning happiness pulse smart application to know our staff needs and to reach the highest level of job satisfaction and a way to share moods between employees and employers. this application is used to track moods of the employees and supervidor by admin user and supervisor can add their daily mood and admin can analyze their mood and give the reply and comment on their mood admin and supervisors bith can see all user its daily mood and can their monthly graph of mood track of moods so this application provide way to share moods and comments between management and employee app already implemented for internal use and released in app store and play store.
outage planning dashboard. creating a dashboard to display our department daily activities on large lcd screen in order to monitor several things such as cml display instructions news actions reminders meetings training etc already implemented.
implementation of sap multi resource scheduling mrs for projects runs in dewa. sap mrs module helps to plan and assign resources dewa staff to any projects or maintenance activities it is fully integrated with hr key objectives are 1 get an overview of current planning status of resources their availability open work list 2 increase and maintain high level of utilization of resources 3 improve accuracy of skill forecast. in sap wave three implementation sap mrs for projects was in the scope with the contractor then management decided to do the wave three internally transmission management stressed that sap mrs for projects is core to this sap wave three implementation dewa had no consultant sap mrs for projects available and also tried to outsource it but resource was not available with this skill set abdul and myself decided to take this as a challenge and implemented it internally even without relevant skill set and prior experience. after deciding to implement it internally it management allowed us to proceed with the very minimum time duration we started randd bought sap manual and learned the basics first first we implemented in test server and then within deadline the actual server was configured successfully and proposed solution of sap mrs accepted by the business with the appreciation email attached as evidence.
iqra study zone. seperate tab on tp dashboard to seek knowledge for tp staff a platform where employees can share and benefit knowledge seeking knowledge with the intention of benefiting oneself and others is highly rewarded by allah the almighty. there is no such platform where we can share knowledge and benefit other staffs. seperate platform wherein all tp staff can share gain knowledge and also interract ie there should be comments column below where staff can add more information or share their experience.
case study of long time isolated one thousand two hundred mm transmission pipeline problem rectification and normalization of service utilization of assets. objective was to identify long time isolated not in use0 water pipeline studying the cases tio put them in service avoiding contamination and to make better utilization of assets. a nine km in length one thousand two hundred mm transmission pipeline l5 located between al qusais sanayah 3 and muhaisnah 4 was laid but remained isoalted for a long time from service since 2012 causing the line water to get stagnant and contained total coliform bacteria initiation was to put the pipe line back in service by identifying the contamination point rectification and the required disinfection and flushing process by util izing the available equipments and manpower for cost reduction. identified the point of contamination by pressurizing the line and dividing the nine km pipeline into segments rectification of identified minor leakage disinfection of the pipeline detention and repeated flushing became essential to eliminate the total coliform bacteria and the suspended impurities from the pipeline for putting the line back in service manual dosing of calcium hypochlorite was selected to carryout the disinfection process.
customer number uploading in spectrum dms. forced cml saidi is an important corporate kpi and for achieving the target do is continuously struggling hard for finding new initiatives customer based restoration is one of such do initiatives in which restoration is prioritized based on customer number accordingly stations with more customer no will be restored in minimum time thus reducing customer minute loss and improving our kpis initially this process started with twenty two nos customer concentrated 132 11kv substations by marking no of station wise customers in mv ring diagram later mv diagram updating was stopped and the mentioned restoration process was discontinued while attending spectrum training this idea came to my mind that customer no can be uploaded in spectrum dms database for all stations hence with support of our management and scada dms team this process was initiated. major constraint was 1 getting customer data from sap and the 2 different formats of station name in sap and spectrum transformer wise customer number fetched from sap bw report was sent to scada dms team for uploading but process was delayed due to difference in formats. by using excel programming complete list was compared with spectrum database and converted into spectrum format which was sent to dms for uploading after spectrum updating by dms team sample verification is done and information given to dcc for following customer based restoration.
digital notepads in meeting rooms. to support green initiative and reduce paper consumption dewa meeting rooms should be equipped with digital notepads where the participants can sign in with their ids and take notes these notes could be saved in a section of mobile app or a location from where the person can access from his her pc laptop later on with his own credentials through this meeting attendance can also be recorded at the backend. people use notebooks and papers to record meeting notes and many are not convenient to type it on their mobiles and some needs to carry their laptops along to take notes. a digital connected notepad with a digital pen can help reduce the usage of papers and provide ease to employees.
emergency hotline numbers in dewa smart app smart office app. to include emergency hotline nos for hospitals and police stations with corresponding geographical location in dewa smart app dewa smart office app. during emergency situations most of the time a person is not aware of the hotline numbers of the nearest hospital or police station based on his current location which further aggravates situation of the resident involved. provide hotline numbers of private government hospitals and police stations with corresponding geographical location in dewa smart app smart office app as an efficient way of getting the contact details of hte nearest hospitals polica stations of the user depending on his current location.
location map for all dewa offices can be provided freejna site. dewa has hugenumbers of offices to control maintenance activities generation and customerservices different area in dubai lot of employees are regularly movingdifferent offices to attend meeting training seminars or others importantactivities most of the employees are not having idea for location where heneed to go so usually employees try get help from goggle or other dewaemployees to get location map also sometimes as per need dewa staff areproviding office location map by email to consumers or others visitors as perhis own choice which is very nonstandard. difficultto find out easy location map to reach other dewa offices as per need which isusually waste employee time to reach timely needed place to attend meeting training seminar and other dewa related activities also sometimes as perneed dewa staff are providing office location map by email to consumers orothers visitors as per his own choice which is very nonstandard and reflectingdewa image. standard location map for all dewa officescan be made and same can be kept dewa freejna site so that employee can findout easily required location map without asking someone or taking support fromgoggle it can be designed with dropdown list so the required location can be findout as per selection location only also same can download and provide outsidevisitors by dewa employee whenever required if required the same link also canbe kept dewa website www dewa gov ae so that anyone can get location mapwithout asking dewa employee.
success story about to begin. i am asrafali syeed b e mba pmp working in dewa transmission commissioning dept since 2007 having 13 years ofexperience in turnkey substation projects i am a self motivated person to participate performin major challenging activity competition including dgep ideas uk us being a switchgear engineer presentlymanaging the team for turnkey cable projects including specialized work of highvoltage and partial discharge testing have proven record in the fieldof project management optimum utilization of dewa resources budgeting sap dewa awards five no its including innovative awards on site training andsubmission of innovative ideas 50 handling additional responsibilities inasset management supplier relationship and risk management faced challenges projectrecovery in lending of dewa equipment its resources manpower and equipment its technicalissues in existing practice of 132kv cable partial discharge testing technicalissues in various turnkey projects overcame the challenges dewaloaned the equipment its to contractor with calculation return on investment roi and manpower charges according to grade level which is very less took initiative and studied the market valuecomparing with dewa rates taken up with management in coordination withfinance dept and highlighted that pd test to be considered as special test andlending amount not to be considered as normal equipment roi cost instead to beconsidered as specialized testing cost proposedmodern method for obstacle faced in existing practice and implemented newadvanced technology took initiative in many obstacles and handledindependently pilot projects cne 0069 online pd conducted various meetingwith stakeholders to solve the issues considering the project priority results therevenue generated increased from aed 50 000 to aed one million during theimplemented year simplifiedthe process including cost saving of aed twelve million continuous completedproject on time with zero snag the success story it is just a beginning. na.
display news from internal communications inside smart office application. currently we are sending internal communication emails to all dewa employees most of the time people used to miss those emails it is good idea to include option to view latest ten or fifteen internal communication news in to smart office application so staffs will be always updated with latest news from internal communication department. currently many staffs are not at all aware about the importance of internal communication emails and they use to filter emails from internal communication department. since almost all the staffs are using smart office application by including option to view and list latest few internal communication details inside smart office application staffs will be more aware about importance of news from internal communication department.
blocking in dubai economic dept fees. the ban on commercial licenses in the economic dept through dewa in the event of license claims of financial commitment. weste staff time and efforts. blocking in dubai economic dept fees.
cisco announcements during call waiting. capitalising on cisco voice services during call waiting time by using auto answering messages for dewa employees. to improve communication in dewa. a automated voice service through dewa phone lines call waiting time can be utilized in spreading awareness on dewa vision mission motto values or any other relevant event that needs awareness such as earth hour wetex etc b employee receiving call from dewa special number for hr polices targeted hr info campaigns i e one hundred and one phase 2.
let us do more with sign language training to serve better and integration of hearing impaired. idea is about to provide the sign language training for dewa key personal i e those directly dealing with the customers personal from hr and maybe admin officer personal from each division. hindrance in enquiries communication internal or external facilitation associated problem for integration of hearing impaired personal in our organization. dewa must send or provide some of its key personal can be decided on basis of criteria for example customer front desk staff hr personal and admin official from each division for the sign language training.
near to you dear to us. customer can pay the reconnection due amount reconnection charges special fast track charges. customers who have old parents old grandparents small babies or some one at home on medical grounds. customers can purchase a fast track card for special cases priority for reconection will be given to the customers.
substation master data uploading in sap using excel templete. this is about creation of sap templete for uploading the class characteritics in master data for substation information. in sap the uploading of master data are thru mass programs so it is very easy to create thousands of records in minute time by using this feature but in case of class and characteritics the uploading program is vertical format so if i want to create one thousand equipment having five character then five thousand lines to created instead of one thousand. i have created a excel prg where we can upload the information in horizontal format itself then the macro will convert the templete in to sap format of vertical method in one click this shall be used in sap for uplaoding.
dewa may reward for water saving. as dewa we can promote residents to save water as water wastage in this area region is at a higher side dewa may promote water savings by announcing small to medium prizes to it is users who reduce water consumption every monthly quaterly. water usage in this area is at a higher side. prizes for the water savings per month quater dewa may introduce an app website which shows top one hundred water savers for a locality and the top ones getting prize so peole somehow become part of this competion and water is saved at the end.
smart labour. smart labour is a ground breaking unique project to set upan eco system that will enable labourers in the uae to be part of the smartrevolution the project will focus on providing labourers with smart phones enhancing skills via a smart learning platform linking learning with rewards free minutes and data to connect with family improving productivity on the job and help uae with the first smart labour workforce takea look at smart labour https youtu be xug75ajdj0k www smartlabour ae a great way for csr and readymade platform to start. dewa labour are not involve in the smart activities in our envitoment. available solution to start and involve the labour to be smart.
i awarded chartered safety and healthpractitioner from institution of occupational safetyand health uk. i am prem kumar working as sr engineer in ipp tp i joined dewa on 18 9 2013 i have total of eighteen yearsexperience i believe in enrichingmyself through continuous professional development i am happy to say that i have recentlyawarded chartered member of iosh. i have involved in various activities suchas issuance of noc conducting the external audits in hse introduced customer guidelines fire survey gt safety trainer risk assessments i have volunteered to provide various hses trainingfrom gts to sr managers using my professional expertise from hse chapters i e iosh nebosh as i myself is a chartered member of health and safetypractioner i e iosh resulted in adopting hse culture in dewa community whichis my success all the participants of gt training havesuccessfully cleared the examinations dewa employees changed to safe footwearbased on my trainings suitable for emergency purpose training employees foremergency evacuation ncr provided for external hse audits resulted inimplementation of hse procedures which is my success predominant improvementswitnessed in near miss report based on my trainings presented hsepresentations in safety week and motivated new participants for safety week won hse talk hse poster competitions dewa employees of all nationalities knock my desk for hse subjects accepted me as hse icon happy to serve dewa thanks for the dewaitesdeveloping the trust and confidence on me particularly from the youngnationals of uae. i won sharek award and distinguishedemployee all my knowledge sharing isbased on professional bodies memberships references seminars continuousprofessional development to provide trainings with authenticated proven factsand illustrations and are high result oriented i am developing my knowledge through higheruk diploma professional courses and meetings to add more value to myprofessional career in dewa.
easy efficient meeting room management directory. basically the idea is to have only dewa employees gain full knowledge access of the meeting room details to create an internal public meeting room management directory such as their names their locations how many seats they can fit and the employee executive or secrutary responsible of the room etc. waste of time to find the right individual employee responsible of the meeting room its waste of time can result to unefficient coordination for example in case of an important no pospond meeting scenario additional related issues a few of the smart meeting room management solution in dewa head office are not reflecting within ms outlook to check the meeting availability conflicts for example i had an experience with the jumeriah one meeting room in dewa strategy and business development were the executive mentioned the meeting room availability is not reflected with our ms outlook were i though the meeting room is vacant when in reality it was fully occupied. to have an internal public meeting room management directory for dewa employees that includes the following names of the meeting room the executive its name its a back up employee in case the primary employee is not available the executive its extension number its its location which dewa branch floor no at which department no of seats facilities available projector phone extension conference call technology hdmi cable etc.

add coordinator name in business card e form request. adding coordinator name in business card e form request for senior manager and above. delay in responding to the artwork of business card due their preoccupation of concerned manager as our target is to submit the business card within six days. add coordinator name in business card e form request.
success for happiness sake. success excellence both go hand in hand grows on you and becomes a habit they can be easily achieved if one wills andworks for it consciously and deliberately my latest success quotient at hand awarded by the executive council and mbr smart majlis i reuben smile in dewa since two thousand and nine holddouble master its with research qualification a postgraduate diploma in publicrelations and advertising and certifications in digital marketing socialmedia and reputation management my professional practice embraces 25years of hands on experience in the creative communications industry publicrelations and media in between also having served as a professor in a top rankeduniversity from my matured teen years i aspiredbeing someone admirable at home within family and society essentially tobring about happiness to my parents through progressive achievements this hasbeen fulfilled through my reasonably good performances in studies sports andgames arts music employment and social standing along with humblewealth creation the positive consequences that came about through the bouquetof said old fashioned accomplishments i humbly consider them as my littlesuccess story to cherish some personal highs in my success trail atdewa been the lead coordinator for producing the 800 pager infrastructurenoc technical manual and authoring its introduction lead member of thegreenbill concept team winning the best dewa administrative project createdthe smartech brand name and environment slogans think green live green forwetex and do good to planet earth and recognised in dewa talent competition special chapters in my success narrative include served as a finalist judge for masdar supported land art generatorinitiative lagi scripting the epilogue in lagi its the time is now publicart of the sustainable city volunteerism is close to my heart! in asmall way i help support blue collared workers and enable education for the underprivileged.
finally succeeded after going through many ups and downs. tpd department didn t have any centralized database to keep the dataand records systematically developed and designed several centralized database to addressthese issues. 0in margin bottom 0001pt text align justify background fff1a8 joined as asst software developer and data management intransmission power division in aug two thousand and thirteen after a brief stint there graduatedto scada in six months 0in margin bottom 0001pt text align justify background fff1a8 tpd department under transmission power tp was tillthen working without a centralized blueprint of database as far as data and information related to several of itssubstation its equipment its distribution etc are concerned it was likedriving a vehicle with different sized wheels fitted together and the driver forced to createadhoc solutions for issues which warranted a different approach altogether 0in margin bottom 0001pt text align justify background fff1a8 i was informed that several attempts had been made in the past by several employees but finally nothing could be bought out under a single umbrella to the satisfaction of all and there remained an environment which was by no means positive on my new attempt on the issue again on digging deep i came to know that the initial software its were created with ms access as database which was closed in three months itself after its inception for obvious reasons then again something was made in ms excel which had its share of drawbacks moreover whatever was made was stored at different stand alone location its with clear differences in formats and designs which hence created lots of issues in bringing a coherant picture of data across the different levels of department in summary these outcomes were too basic in nature to address the enormity of requirements across all concerns a common thread connecting all and storing data at a centralised location linking documents and processes by proper access and design was missing someone had to bell the cat by talking first with all along with proper delivery of a software which could address the missing link. 0in margin bottom 0001pt text align justify background fff1a8 having defined the problem to the acceptable levels ofall stake holders and with encouragement from vp tpd all along i initiated thework to create a central database for tpd having all the informationat one place and provide a means to have a proper design access plan at different levels of hierarchy 0in margin bottom 0001pt text align justify background fff1a8 0in margin bottom 0001pt text align justify background fff1a8 next to address the main obstacle of having the rightproduction environment to be accessible by all tpd users i realised the needto involve and seek the inputs of it department who eventually helped to talk with scada department who had therelevant environment for implementationin tp 0in margin bottom 0001pt text align justify background fff1a8 0in margin bottom 0001pt text align justify background fff1a8 after having meeting with vp scada i was able to developthe system under the supervision of an employee from scada and thus i was theinterface to the actual ground level discussions in different stations substations tpd and the scada we had a series of successful interactions andthus i was able to create a web based application to store update retrieve the master information and relateddocuments on a central database location based under a well defined useraccess privileges plan it was appreciated as it facilitated to search a gamut of differentlayers of information with minimal effort it not only aided to increase theefficiency and performance of the department but also reduce the workload inorder to generate reports and easier decision making analysis 0in margin bottom 0001pt text align justify background fff1a8 0in margin bottom 0001pt text align justify background fff1a8 today 0in margin bottom 0001pt text align justify background fff1a8 0in margin bottom 0001pt text align justify background fff1a8 the software runs well and i incorporate changes in tuneto specific new requirements 0in margin bottom 0001pt text align justify background fff1a8 and now transferred to scada department as asstsoftware developer and look forward to similar challenging roles in comingtimes and thus come up the career ladder.
happines centers timings. to reduce unnecessary calls and emails to dewa contact center during public holidays. during public holidays many customers call at our call center to only know the working hours. an automated sms and email notification to our registered customer from the billing services department mentioning working days and working hours.
hidden agent its. all associations or companies whether commercial industrial or service if aim to profit or not need for such methods like that for modern evaluation even the owner of a small shop uses that method naturally by asking for prices and quality of other sellers and their styles in order to identify his location in the market for example we can mention a set of activities that must be used hidden agent its style as a core activity for it such as hospitals real estate companies schools banks restaurants tourism companies hotels shops and malls libraries maintenance services and other business activities service and different industrials. none. hidden agent sstyle representing one of methods which used in marketing researches throughusing group of marketers and researchers to act as customers or clients toidentify and evaluate the company or the branch or the employee its behaviorand service provided that method canbe done scientifically through using observation forms previously preparedaccording to the purpose of the evaluation.
business card with contact info qr code. one popular use of qr code is to encode your contact informaiton into a qr business card pass the business card to people with smart phones by scanning the barcode with the phone your contact information is entered into address book without typing most camera equipped mobile phones are able to decode the qr code mecard vcard url 2d barcodes on these business cards this will save time and number of cards being used. current business card given by dewa is having a qr code for dewa its website qr code is not utilised effectively. current business card given by dewa is having a qr code for dewa its website instead dewa can provide business card with contact info qr code so that it can be scanned using smart phones and added to their address book easily.
automatic short messages and automatic voice messages to strategic customers. when a 11kv or 6 6kv feeder trips due to fault automatic short messages sms shall be sent to the registered phone numbers of the concerned strategic customers hospitals financial institutes vvip customers fed from the tripped feeder similarly when supply is restored a voice call shall be triggered to the customer informig that supply has been restored. one when a feeder trips many calls are reciveid by dewa regarding supply interruption from customers two pvt lvdb trips on under voltage due to supply unavailability when supply is restored pvt electrician need to close main incoming acb at pvt lvdb sometimes pvt electrician is not aware that supply has been already restored by dewa 3 when dedicated feeder trips pvt customer who is having 2nd dewa source waits for dewa information for restoring supply from 2nd dewa source available. one all the strategic customers shall be identified and their technical representative phone numbers shall be maintained against the respective 11kv or 6 6kv feeder feeding them when the feeder trips automatic sms or voice message will be delivered to those customers informing the interruption and dewa is taking all measures to restore the supply as soon as possible two when the supply is restored dcc will trigger the automatic voice message will be delivered to the concerned phone number that supply has been already restored if supply not available please check your main lvdb or contact dewa 3 for pvt customers having 2nd dewa source especially dedicated feeders during the feeder or related bus bar tripping dcc can trigger the automatic voice message to the pvt customer technical representative informing them regarding the interruption ad to restore supply from 2nd available source.
sms notification on smart devices for khadamatech ticket surveys. considering theimplementation of sms notification for khadamatech ticket surveys all userswill be instantly able to access the link which will ensure maximum number ofdewa staff feedback through the use of smart devices the survey will be just aclick away leading to accurate results on user satisfaction rates. presently the khadamatech ticket survey results arepurely based on staff its initiative towards taking the survey received via emailnotifications for their khadmatech tickets or through their interest in takingup the survey on their khadamatech logins answer survey option. sms notification on smart devices for khadamatechticket surveys results in accuracy towards user satisfaction rates easyand more convenient access for staff to take the survey.
employees business campaign booth. employees business campaign ask employees who are having business to support and promotetheir business such book a booth in the events that organized by dewa it willmake the employees who are having business support from dewa. to support and know about employees business we are one family and we don t know about the business thatwill help and support to know and inform others about it. team work transparency professionalism.
translation option to different languages in afkari. translation option for translating ideas posted in arabic. there are few good ideas posted in arabic but we are not able to understand what is written. there can be a translation option so that even who don t understand arabic can have chance to study and like the new ideas.
lti without lost time injury. it simplifies the working hours without any injury or harm of people provides honesty and encourage employees to work safely for dewa great reputation. work injuries. avoid work injuries.
your three hundred word success story. my experience and qualification twenty seven years of experience inpower distribution with ph d in electrical engineering thirteen years in dewa as asst manager hv job order in csd six years in saudielectricity company as head of department of distribution in charge of a city eight years with others in saudi and india my success story in dewa received the following awards distinguished employee technical engineering for the fourth quarter two thousand and fourteen dp division 2014 distinguished team member dewa first half of two thousand and fourteen for kw based unit rate estimate my innovation in dewa business in two thousand and twelve dewa intended to explore the possibility of changingthe estimate policy from item based to unit rate based on load the challenge was to come out with no negative impact on dewa or the customer and a transparent method and cannot allow any manipulation by customers with so much confidence in my capacity our superiorsassigned me to develop the methodology and to compare with utilities inside andoutside uae i created an innovative unique methodology with a newly invented formula to charge the customerswith slab wise kw unit rate by this methodology customer cannot manipulate andit is very transparent this is unique as it is not copied from others and the formula was invented other utilities countries in the world practices unit rate system for a range of load with kva fixed slab rate with deductions of previous slabs which is complicated based on breakerrating which cannot suit dewa a team was formed with csd and finance department for estimatedata collection analysis and final comparison it was found no negative impacton dewa or the customers and it is a win win situation finally it was implementedin june two thousand and thirteen for loads up to 400kw as phase 1 this contributed to around fifty percent indewa its elevation by world bank ranking in getting electricity from no 7 to no 4 internationally on observing the success story of phase 1 managementdecided to go for phase 2 for all loads above 400kw the above methodology wasextended to loads above 400kw and analyzed financially and the result again observedwith win win situation for dewa and customers as decided by the management the above was verified by aninternational consultant and finally dewa board of directors approved it in june 2016and to be implemented by jan two thousand and seventeen i consider this as a big challenge posed to me in my career in dewa and i accomplished the mission as expected from me to keep confidentiality some documents not attached please. lengthy process of preparing estimate lengthy process of debit balance delay in refund due to variation between estimates and actual difficult to convince customers on complicated cable charging and source charging method. kw based unit rate invoice which requires a shorter duration and no debit advice slab rate will avoid manipulations.
maintaining minimum distance between packaged stations pocket station. maintaining minimum distance between packaged stations pocket station to avoid fire spreading from one pocket substation to another nearby station. in dewa network some places more than one pocket substations are in one platform and or some times more than one pocket station are located very close by with very minimal gap between them when fire originates at one station it easily spreads to adjacent station and destroys the nearby stations as well recently on 05 08 2016 three nearby pocket stations pk6142 pk6143 and pk6757 were damaged due to fire. one to avoid fire damage to multiple pocket substations in future the safe minimum distance preferably 50 75m shall be maintained between pocket stations at design stage itself 2 during unavoidable circumstances and extreme space restrictions if required to have more than one pocket very nearby fire resistant material shall be used for the kiosk 3 existing stations shall be checked and wherever the stations are very nearby fire resistant separation shall be applied between the stations specialists suppliers like hilti and other have very sophisticated solutions pocket stations in labor camp areas shall be prioritized as many recent fire incidents were noticed at such areas.
grit and persistence. persistence and hard work allows you to reach your goals. i joined the child care center in two thousand and ten as sr supervisor i had a bachelor in science in nursing which allowed me to have extensive knowledge about child health nutrition and development however i wasn t confidant in planning and carrying out activities therefore i decided to pursue my studies further and specialize in early childhood education the change in careers was dramatic and i realized that it is going to require a lot of hard work. thus the journey started i joined an institute that offersone of the most recognized certificates for early childhood education which isthe cache levels in 2012 i have successfully passed my cache level two nonetheless i felt that i needed more knowledge so i started my cache level three and joinedthe british university in dubai for my masters in education management leadership and policy doing two degrees at the same time was not easy itrequired a lot of persistence grit and the support of my family and friends studying helped me a lot in the child care center as i was able to introducenew policies procedures and activities based on the latest research in the fieldof education at times i felt like giving up because it seemed so hard tocontinue but with the encouragement of my mentor colleagues and my mother idid it nonetheless the journey didn t stop there! not only i was able tofinish my cache level five in two thousand and sixteen but also i became one the first professionaldevelopment specialist in the middle east i learnt that you could be anyoneyou wish to be if you are persistent and hard working.
three hundred words success story sarfraz pr 21877. joined dewa in two thousand and ten and working as a sr accounts officer billing services chartered accountant having overall thirteen years of experience including six years in dewa handled as an active team member various projects withindewa major are implementation of greenbill system dewa and dubai landdepartment integration implementation ofcollection management system implementation ofadjustment automation system implementation of new greenbill form implementation of pdassystem for port sales i am specialized in conducting feasibilitystudies for the projects swot and pestel analysis project management preparing process diagrams awards distinguished employee 1sthalf two thousand and sixteen 2nd place collection managementsystem team 2nd half 2014 adjustment automation team 1st half 2014 green bill team 1sthalf 2013 dewa revenue collectionteam 2nd half 2011 dm housing fee adjustmentteam 2nd half 2011 innovations 1 designed the processfor dewa and dld integration and played major role in implementation resulting in elimination of10 000 customers visits monthly to dewa for move in benefiting three governmentdepartments from the integration i e dewa dld and dubai municipality expected annual saving fordewa aed forty million expected annual saving forcustomers aed nine point one two million expected annualenvironmental saving three hundred and twenty five tons emission reduction 2 designed the conceptof dewa green bill and played major role in implementation resulted in replacing700 000 paper bills with green bill expected annual saving fordewa aed thirty seven point nine seven million expected annual saving forcustomers aed fifty three point five million expected annualenvironmental saving 3 618 tons emission reduction designed the process of automating the ports sales transactions from manual receipts to customers and data entry to pdas implementation integrated with sap. please see idea description. please see idea description.
air filling station for dewa vehicles. dewa using huge numbers of vehicles to run daily activities usely all motor drivers are using air filling machine from petrolpump to fill air for tyre during morning time so most ofthe time driver need to wait more than 10 15 min for maintaining tyre air pressure due to long queue small air filling station will be a good and helpful solution to avoid this time loss for dewa staffs. before startingvehicle normally driver are checking tyre air pressure and based on requirementlot of vehicles are moving to petrol pump to fill tyre air specially morningtime they need to wait 10 15 min to get their turn for air filling due to longqueue since most of the vehicles inside more than 03 04 staffs are setting sohuge time lost are counted after the month also sometimes due urgency or hurrydrivers are ignore to fill air to avoid traffic which increase vehicleaccident also damage tyre and wheel rings. a small air filling station can be installin all dewa zonal offices in any suitable place like dewa hudaibaoffice al quiz office al dewa office al dewa office al ghusais officealso can be fixed all power station if required which will be totally reducestaffs time loss due this reason also driver will be more practical to checktheir tyre regularly due to find air filling machine nearby them.
enrich positive energy for effective work environment and happiness of employees. myname is rafeeq working with transmission line maintenance as executive adminfor last twenty years apart from routine and pre scheduled admin and hrworks i would like do something special to this esteemed organization as wellas entire society for their happiness as such i understood this is thebest entity to cultivate my inherent skills and abilities from theinspiration of dubai governments vision two thousand and twenty one and 4thgeneration government excellence system as well as dewa its strategic initiative i set following goals for happiness and innovation of employees andentire society. being a motivated person i have conducted lot ofinnovative and creative programmes during environmental day global day earth hour earth day national day cultural diversity day innovation week social gathering sports activities safety week talent day sustainabilityand humanitarian activities etc the final output of the above was remarkable and fantastic and its reflection has been noticed in my received awards appreciations honors etc furthermore implementation of creativity innovation and happiness in working environment were made tremendous changes in official and personal life all employees of the department. in additionalto the above several innovative and productive ideas suggestions have beensubmitted time to time to dewa as well as other government entities and h hsheikh mohammed its smart majilis for the benefits of dewa employees and alldubai residents being a dewa social activity and knowledge management propagator most noticeable challenges was cultural diversity among employees different nationalities languages cultures attitudes etc bring them under one common umbrella was a very difficult task all of these challenges have been overcome with support of my pro active superiors their positive attitude and moral support has given additional energy to full fill my ambitions moreover dewa its knowledge management knowledge centre and e library new 4th generation strategic direction and innovation have given more fuel to my career prospective and future growth.
my success story winning of award best service star two thousand and fifteen technical hamdan bin mohammed award for smart government. aboutmyself khalifa al anazy billingservices awarded for best service star technical 2015 hamdan binmohammed award dubai model twenty nine years dedicatedservices dewa sr supervisor dewa judicial officer supervising teams oftechnicians had been pioneer initiatedmeter performance unit water section from scratch civil service expert dealingwith customer its technical billing related issues active role dewa intelligent metering system project ami excellent communication skills arabic english hindi african languages challenges business needs actions taken positive impact minimizing customer water complaints by being proactive through timely created internal notifications supervising teamsof technicians visiting customer its premises before even customer complaining achieved approximately above fifty percent reductionof customer complaints by analyzing the volume of internal externalcomplaints elevating customer its happiness through leakage detection timely informing customers in order to avoidcustomers incurring further losses giving conservation tips ideas tocustomers on water saving techniques with proper advice on internal rectificationto save the precious resource water approximate aed 4 million yearly savingcustomer its losses by internal notifications reported as leakage suspectedleakage recorded sectional kpi ninety eight percent minimizing water line losses loss revenuesthrough detection inspection reporting faulty meters unauthorized illegal connections and contributing six point five percent to dewa its corporate kpi csd target customer dealings complicatedspecial cases with technical billing related issues especiallyinvolving vip customers specialized in tackling customers in office as well asat sites customers expressing appreciation thank you notes andmanagement as well appreciating my competence in elevation level of servicedelivery to our stakeholders building meter performance unit water fromscratch to current status of complete structure through commitment servicestandard innovation developing work procedures and work process proper staffsupervision planning and monitoring motivating the staff sharing experience job knowledge including the awareness cs strategy 2021 one of the major positive impact was winning best service star 2015award which increased my confidence commitment sincerity to dewa and ihave realized that major key to success or failure is me i haveto be in order to become i have to continuouslyfocus developing me eachand every one of us has enormous enough power to do almostanything but most people do not fully utilize their skills if you don t useyour skills you eventually lose them. please see idea description. please see idea description.
enforcementof a standrized out of office message automatic reply. the idea consistsof two parts related to each other 1 enforcement of out of office message for nt user employees for any period morethan one working day 2 the contentshall be standardized in its content and format to the maximum possible. 1 currently someemployees go to training short leaves more than one day business trips andlong leaves without leaving an automatic messages accordingly work is notprogressing because of such missing information 2 other peopleactivate this function but with missing information e g when they are back is it official or personal do they access to their email if they are in officialtrip. 1 to send a memoenforcing activation of this facility 2 to make it uniform in its content in the outlook please findattached sample format which shall be further developed by the concern as applicable.
option to sign electronic signature on documents and memo its digital signature solutions. every day businesses around dewa are ditching paper and signing important businessdocuments whether we are signing a document memo vendor contract quotation or anything in between as we need to email the document memo contractto the concerned management then the person has to sign it and send it back theperson has to print out the document sign it and then scan it back in andemail it the average timeto get a document memo signed is measured in days whereas the average time to get an electronic document memosigned is measured inminutes. currently thereis no option to sign electronic signature for documents and memo its thru electronicsignature for the managers. same as description.
approve all ideas in success story campaign to encourage employees we have different stories success. i am happy to participate in success story campaign i share my storyand i read many stories really it was niceand motivated stories now i know moreabout our staff and how they overcome the challenges proudly i cansay it is very success campaign by iandtf div ref to theabove and since the aim of the campaign is to encourage employees to sharetheir knowledge and experience with their colleagues i suggest toapproved all ideas in the campaign since we have different stories success but we share it with all this is the aim of the campaign let us surpriseall employees and show them how much we care about the sharing the knowledge and experience let us promptthe positivity and sharing ideascan be changed to fast for all of us. na. as above.
vacation plan and notification. most of the departments are requesting vacation plan in december month from staff for coming year department staff updating their vacation plan in spreadsheet and sending to dept admin later they consolidate and see for conflicts exist in vacation plan dates with deputy if any correction needed by staff they will send to concern people to adjust dates this everything happening manually on excel sheet. here two issues 1 manager may forgot about staff vacation plan 2 if two staff going vacation as per plan on same duration and deputy was one person mentioned invacation plan he she would have more workload these kind of validation hasnot been happened when vacation plan was submitted approved. better to have system that all staff has to submit their leave plan in myportal and keep validation on above issues and up front send notification an emailto staff and manager that so and so staff had planned vacation next month therefore he she can do better plan on handover.
adding reminder option for clock in and clock out. add reminder option in smart office application for the clock in and clock out when time is 07 30 or 02 30 the system should remind the staff. 1 mostly employees forget to clock out while leaving the office 2 some time the application gives error due to different reson. add reminder option in smart office application for the clock in and clock out by sending reminder msg at 7 30 am and 2 30 p m ex kindly dont forget to clock in or clock out so this msg will remind the employee to submit on time avoiding future errors.
fleet management gps system awareness. all the dewa vehicle user must have information about the fleet management gps and monitoring system. most of the dewa vehicle user do not have enough information about the fleet management gps system how fleet management monitoring all dewa vehicle what is the idling condition engine idling duration maximum speed over speed etc. the fleet management should arrange the awarenesstraining program for all dewa vehicle user about the gps system so they will care in future.
improving supplier payment procedure. the idea is to put target for processing invoices from recieving the invoices till posting them to process the payments. there are variances in processing the invoices by employees which shows the lack of organizing the method to process the work we may notice one of the employees processing too many invoices and on the other hand one of them may not work hard like the others which will lead to delay the proceesing of the invoices all invoices distributed among staff equally to process them but the issue about how much we can do or finish. to set an average target to all the employees who process the invoices.
groundbreaking solar powered car. i suggest to support the below technology solar poweredcar as dewa supports the sustainable technology which can led to energysavings we can request to add dewo logo to the solar powered car the vehicle features builtin photovoltaic panels which can generate up to eighteen miles of driving range perday in the interior of thesion a unique moss is integrated into the dashboard and used as a natural airfilter a special lichen moss is used a german startup hassuccessfully raised over 200 000 to crowdfund a self charging electric carthat uses integrated solar panels to supply power throughout the day the fundsfor sono motors scion car will be used to produce prototypes for trial runsand crash testing with the first deliveries of the finished vehicle expectedin 2018 the vehicle will come intwo models a 13 000 urban version capable of traveling seventy five miles on a singlecharge and an 18 000 extender version with a 155 mile range the vehiclefeatures built in photovoltaic panels which can generate up to eighteen miles ofdriving range per day simply sitting outside in the sun of course thevehicle can also be recharged the traditional way by being plugged into astandard household outlet http inhabitat com sono motors crowdfunds groundbreaking solar powered car ?utm source inhabitat weekly mailing listandutm campaign afe0901f3a andutm medium emailandutm term 0 edda39917e afe0901f3a 207478881. na. as above.
proposal for spectrum alarm management in dcc. compressive action with different initiatives to proper alarmmanagement as described below 1 chattering alarm management 2 alarm text improvement 3 reducing persisting alarms 4 reducing alarm generation. more alarms in scada system creating stress in alarm management and reducing quality of service. proposal for spectrumalarm management in dcc shaji kuniyil alarm management cannot be limited to the removal of alarms moreover it is not a good idea to remove the alarms from the system as it willbe an information to the operator or system still we can remove some alarmswhich are no informative values no action required or persisting in the nature in fact we need a compressive action with different initiatives to proper alarmmanagement as described below 1 chattering alarm management chattering alarms are one of the mainconstraint during alarm monitoring some scada system is having automaticblocking of chattering alarms after reaching a number of alarms and willrelease automatically after stopping the chattering but in spectrum there isno such mechanism to control these type of alarms a as an interim solution operator can block thealarms from spectrum explorer but he should not forgot normalized afterstopping the chattering b for all chattering alarms nod to be raised bydcc and concerned working party to be attended and rectified c weekly analyzing of chattering alarms to becarried out by snd and further follow up with nod to be done by dsna 2 alarm text improvement many alarm texts are not user friendly anddifficult to recognize by a new operator for example instead of dc supply faultyalarms in many stations bb protection supply faulty alarms are appearing inspectrum some alarms are difficult to read with itsabbreviations for example ste two dccfty two alarm in bnys means ste station11kv 2 board2 dccfty2 dc circuit2 faulty this will be difficult tounderstand by a new operator a details study is to be carried out and alist of alarms text changing to be prepared and to be fixed after a detaileddiscussion 3 reducing unwanted persisting alarms a good distribution network should be lessnumber of persisting alarms and all action to be taken to reduce the pendingalarms as much as possible there are several unwanted alarms are persisting inspectrum in different priority list these pending alarms are creating stresson operator in adverse for a better alarm management a more than five hundred numbers alarms are persisting inpriority 1 list as cb open close status and cb rack in rack out status itshould only be appeared as resettable alarm while doing operation and to becleared after acknowledging the alarms by operator it should not persist inany alarm list b a standard scada system should not repeat thealarms in pending list some technical defect is there in spectrum and samealarms are persisting in list with different time stamping to standardize thisproblem if same alarm is receiving by the master station with new timestamping old alarm should disappear from the list c more than two hundred number alarms are persisting asidts in follower mode it is dewa standard configuration of idts as idt1 inmaster and idt2 and idt3 in follower mode alarm should appear only if anychanges in this configuration d some rtus are generating cancelled alarms evenafter clearing from the master station for example protection faulty alarmsof live feeders from nasq substation is pending in the list for years e many spare panels in the system generating manypending alarms like trip circuit faulty dc incomplete circuit breaker orearth switch disturbed etc action required to provide cb in proper testposition to reduce these alarms f some alarms should appear as an acknowledgeablealarms it should not persist in the list for example i gateway one gateway two active ii pfc relay operated iii rtu control enable iv tci device status establish app etc 4 reducing alarm generation unwanted alarms are generating due tovarious reason in our system unwanted means the reason of that alarmgeneration not the content of that alarm so that instead of deleting an alarmfrom the system we have to restrict the unwanted generation of that alarm because each alarms has its own purpose below mentioned scenarios are some of theexamples of huge number of alarms generations a power factor violation is one of the main reasonfor huge number of alarms in limit violation list most of these alarms aregenerating from a number of stations like logs jablquay etc providing timedelay for appearing these alarms will reduce the number considerably becauseduring the time delay period reset alarm will generate and subsequently alarmswill not appear in spectrum b huge number of power factor alarms aregenerating from logs due to very less mw e g less than 5 from idts set thevalue of mw less than 5mw as zero for the calculation of power factor willremove these alarms c there are so many ampere violation alarms fromcapacitor banks and dedicated feeder for hv consumers set value of capacitorbanks amperes adjustment will remove a large number of alarms from the limitviolation list dedicated feeder ampere violations are appearing due to theunderrating of feeder in the spectrum by dssd sfa arrangement consumerhaving permission load beyond that value so that alarms are persisting in thesystem this sfa selection to be reviewed by dssd and appropriated rating ofampere value to be given in spectrum d message class arrangement in spectrum to beutilized more effectively during the next enhancement of spectrum system e alarms acknowledgement method in spectrum alsoto be enhanced during next spectrum enhancement work if last forty no its alarmsare persisting in any alarms list previous alarms can be acknowledge byscrolling the pages only this defect will create a big problem during a majorcrisis like blackout or brown out.
dewa solar panels installed on dubai buildings implemented idea. this is one of the best idea which is already start implementing on dubai buildings by dewa. none. check this following link http www constructionweekonline com article 39043 dewa solar panels installed on 30 dubai buildings.
energy performance indicator baseline at dewa key premises. idea is to start monitoring of energy performance as key indicator and established base line at dewa key premises such dewa dewa al quoz generation etc. energy performance is one of key area for big cooperation like dewa for sustainable goals energy baseline will provide an opportunity for further improvement where key premises is the bad or good energy performer. dewa must star this initiative energy baseline monitoring program for the dewa key premises will lead energy efficiency its target and performance indicator by example of our own this will allow us to improve our energy performance practically in many ways.
adjust top innovators lists in afari. the current top innovation list is fine and shows only three categories unfortunately it doesn t give equal opportunity for new staff to be on top since senior staff started few years earlier. new staff have no change to be on the top ten of the lists doesn t encourage groups participation departments divisions ranking is limited to five levels five stars. add new top innovators list with time bounded classifications instead of total monthly all time last ninety days add top ten of accepted or implements ideas classification add classification for highest total value roi savings for individuals and groups show the most effective division or department by group counts of individuals add more levels of rated innovators to extend the motivation eg see attachment.
currency transfer and exchange stand. i suggest having a stand in collaboration with one of the well know exchange companies to provide best services to dewa staff specially for those who transfer money to their countries and for sure for those who wish to exchange different currencies moreover i suggest placing this stand in more than one branch specially the branches that have so many non pc users and get benefit of that and place a big stand or board to hand on the latest information that dewa would like them to know about so we make it like an announcing board and i am sure that they will get to visit it at least once a month. the approval. finding the best exchange currency company and the lowest in costs.
solar trash compactors. trash bins should be replaced with solar trash compactors which would eventually reduce the dumping space and transport requirement. dumping space and transportation issue. trash bins should be replaced with solar trash compactors which would eventually reduce the dumping space and transport requirement.
motion sensing street lights. motion sensors control illumination based on car pedestrian movement. excessive energy is used for lighting up streets roads at night. motion sensors should be embedded in road streets so as to power lights when cars and pedestrians are using the roads streets lights should be dimmed when there is no car pedestrian movement.
health insurance policy. as per the health insurance policy in dewa minimum grosssalary requirements is dhs 4000 per month to enable dewa staff family spouse and children to benefit from the insurance policy therefore we suggest that dewa messengers whose grosssalary is less than aed four thousand and whose dependents spouse and children areresiding in uae may be granted special provision to avail benefit of dewagroup health insurance facility for their dependents sincerely yours.
parking violation notice ticket by dewa. issue parking violation notice tickets to those vehicles blocking the access and driveway to the dewa substations. it has been observed several times that vehicles car pickups motor cycles bicycles blocks access and driveway to the electrical substation of dewa especially during night time some spaces are permanently used as parking spaces even a no parking and danger boards are fixed in front of the substation in some cases dewa reserved 132kv substation parking also occupied by other private vehicles those who park vehicles in the evening and removes at morning are not aware about the problems faced by dewa peples at night time. dewa can make a parking violation notice ticket sample attached and this can be kept in the dewa vehicles in case any access to the substation is blocked by other vehicles dewa people can issue this notice to that particular vehicle the vehicle owner driver can get informed about the problem and danger in parking his her car in front of the substation and future violation can be avoided.
salik for electric vehicles. electric vehicles should be exempted from salik or parking fees. this will increase awareness and provide motivation to use electric vehicles. electric vehicles should be exempted from salik or parking fees.
automatic transfer system source ats. schneider easergy t300 rtus are used in distribution automation project these rtus are smart enough for configuring self healing solutions an optimum solution for auto changeover scheme using rtu with enhance remote monitoring and control function automatictransfer system source by name implies automaticswitchingof two different voltage sources in the event of failure of one of the mvnetwork in order to ensure maximumavailability of downstream voltage. there are many cases in a distribution network where important customers are fed with dual source and auto changeover schemes are adopted to have a reliable supply moreover the accuracy of this protection scheme is reliable however the switchgear status cant be monitored controlled if required from remote. automatic transfer system using t300 rtus is reliable system where the auto changeover scheme can be implemented along with monitoring and control of the network the rtu ied inetelligent electronic device is capable of handling the scheme same as like protection moreover the system can be monitored controlled via scada also the scheme can be put on off from remote this additional feature in the rtu is helpful for enhancing smart service to customer hence a optimum utilization of resource can be acheived by using this idea.
dewa centralized printing managed printing. dewa should introduce centralized printing in line with the paper less environment and dubai smart government initiatives. the below mentioned improvements can be achieved or problems solved with centralized printing centralized management of printing hardware and supplies printed documents are left over at the printers leakage of sensitive information unmanaged desktop printers associated maintenance and supplies cost unmanaged sharing of printers. centralized printing is an approach to managing print requirements in an organization with a number of different locations a print server which uses software to manage all requests for printing from individual sites and users is based in a central location a central location makes it easier for administrators to manage and prioritize print requests and reduces your hardware software and support costs.
crossing line around dewa office. crossing line to be made around dewa offices ho. currently dewa ho facilitates cinema parking for employees but crossing and office makes little difficult as there is no crossing line. it is suggested to make crossing line from each cinema parking to dewa office for safety reach to office.
improving contractors performance in regular basis. generating a uniform spreadsheet that shows performance criteria and post it in dewa official website in regular basis. contractor poor performance leads to delay in the project delivery date. assigning a committee that evaluates the contractor performance in regular basis quarterly semi yearly or yearly the outcomes of the committee from each evaluation shall be incorporated and saved in a spreadsheet that contains the following columns company id name contact status qualified or not assessment grade a b c d very good good poor.
providing spare tetra chanel in dcc. providing spare tetra chanel in dcc to be used in case of more than one tripping at the same time as using the same channel for two different trippings might cause human errors. in case of more than one tripping at the same time dcc can not use tetra to attend the second tripping as the the oes who are attending the first tripping they will use the tetra so the oes who will attend the second tripping can not use tetra because using tetra may lead to human error. by having spare tetra channel in case of tripping happened while attending another one ld can call oes who we want to attend the second tripping and inform them to switch there tetra devices to the spare channel and after restoring the supply they can switch again to the original channel.
water and electricity consumption. consider being fair to each household by calculating consumption per person rather than per household of course eight people will use more water and electricity in a six bedroom house than two people would in a three bedroom house. the calculation and rate per consumption does not consider the footprint per individual so when more people live together more than 2000kwh may be needed and so when a large family uses the same aount of utilities per individual as a small family would per individual they are penalised unfairly as they would go into the 2nd and 3rd bracket of consumption rate. calculation should allow for either size of property or number of people footprint is measured per person and not per household i believe that would be fair assessment of per person usage and a fair cost applied to the same would take a more inclusive and appreciative approach alternatively for larger properties by number of rooms have a slightly different sliding scale for consumption to still allow for a larger family to pay a fair cost for utilities.
improvement in graphical representation on spectrum. improvement in existing graphical representation and new displays are required to improve the dcc operation. the existing graphical displaymodel doesn t fully support the operation of the distribution networkespecially with an increasing trend in automation penetration in dewa network dueto shortfalls. the distribution system operationphilosophy is undergoing several drastic changes as a result of ongoingautomation and grid modernization projects many new equipment such as faultpassage indicator lv circuit breaker rmus with mdg connection possibility at11 kv automated efis etc have been integrated already into dewa network inaddition due to the increasing level of automation and telemetry the amountof information required to display for dcc operators has significantlyincreased nonetheless since dewa operation quality has been substantiallyimproved e g restoration time target reduced from thirty two to eighteen minutes furtheroptimization imposes greater challenges on dcc operators with respect to far shortresponse times to network events as well as the continuous growth in the numberof factors taken in consideration during normal emergency operation e g noof customers priorities station accessibility etc all above factors makeit inevitable to tackle the situation through a comprehensive solution coveringall existing shortfalls as well as the new challenges in a holistic manner for details andsummary of the requirement of mv view refer to graphical representationrequirement document as submitted to sm dcc for approval.
pdf merging for gis regular activity like landbase update report preparation and detailed crosssection attachments using customized tool. pdf merging for gis regular activity like landbase update report preparation and detailed cross section attachments using customized tool. 1 need to understand the concept of the tool works 2 need to make list before start merging pdf files in this activity. 1 as per the tp tsandc gis we are using this tool to do the same above activity in day to day activity.
love to work with dewa campaign. each employee can post a reason why they like to work with dewa. many employee who has dissatisfaction can see these post and can be confident that employer does the best for all employees. can improve employee scope for the best future in dewa.
good for enterprise corporateemail security. separates personal and business email data your personal content stays private you can freely use native device features and personal apps while complying with corporate security requirements. sensitive corporate data might stay on the phone and not protected with encryption when phone get compromised lost or stolen. block all user who doesn t need to access emailoutside work time disable using email on phone without approvalfrom it security team to use email on phone required justification forusing it based on grade access to the app can be givenafter approval.
table tennis championship tournament dcc staff. sports and games have been part of human society the importance of these things should not be underestimated participating in any sports can lead to happier healthier and more productive lives. people working in a shift do not have time for physical exercise due to abnormal routine health related issues extended exposure to work related stress. arrange physical fitness activity tournament like table tennis to be participated by all dcc staff warsan and qusais and the tournament will be categorized as per class like class a b c match will be in single and double player games will be played during shift changed between afternoon and night the tournament will be open to all once successfully conducted in dcc.
tenancy contract third party. dewa has to make yearly inspection regarding third party contract between owner and second party. sometimes there will be conflict between the landlord the tenant due to unsettled payment the second party took the contract and gave it once again to another third party and collect whole rent amount for one year and disappear without giving information to the owner and leave both the owner and the third party in trouble due to this sometimes landlord may disconnect the electric supply form the customer premise. 1 inspection by physically 2 e mail our post office 3 landlord to report to dewa.
solar panal at stores roofs. installing a pv solar panel system on stores roofs.
storing reuse of transmission services details obtained from trial pitexcavation. the details of trnasmission services information obtained from trial pits taken by several working party contractor can be stored for reuse in future to avoid repeated excavation in same location. repeated trial pit excavation at same location area is being done by different same contractor for their individual scope of work fencing pilling boundary wall building utility services diversion installation road interlock landscaping etc for same objective of identifying transmission services during noc process cable route marker monitoring team tlp also identifying transmission services by several trial pits in missing route marker area but after certain time if route marker somehow missed then again need t take several tp to identify services for reinstallation of route marker during emergency maintenance of other nearby services water irrigation hv lv tlm is unable to provide any specific information of cable depth route without confirmation by tp. information received from daily basis trial pits 50 75nos can be stored in reusable format gps coordinates building line depth from road level sea level dm benchmark etc different noc of same project area can be processed by initial tp excavation details with calculated clearances of transmission services from new scope with the existing condition of transmission services clearance confirmation prior to start work.
mechanical and magnetic type oil level indicators for landc oil rmus. we have approximately one thousand two hundred nos landc oil rmus with long service years in our network without oil level indicators for operationpoint of view oil rmus without oil level indicator is high risk for switching operations during operation accidents also reported dueto non availability of oil inside landc oil rmus already replacement program is inprogress for landc rmus with priority basis large no of rmu replacement within short duration is not practical hence landc oil rmus without oilleakage defects can be extend the life cycle with oil levelindicators. since non availability of oil levelindicator minor oil leakage or oil marks on rmus also suspending the operation insame rmu and leading to outage cancellation and keeping in non safe to operate category restoration time alsoincreasing some of the landc rmu switching due to far end operation. hence we are recommending mechanical type and magnetic typeof oil level indicators for landc oil rmus without oil leakage defects to avoidthe risk of operation without oil level indicator.
ideas to be fast.  some ideas status are freezed more than five months without any change in status example the idea is in identification level status since may 2016 some simple ideas which might be applied fast are taking along time in approval process if the idea will take around one year to be decided as rejected approved this will affect the whole concept of my dewa ideas of being innovative and being first to apply. ideas approval process need to be faster controls like notifications to concerend and sla time limit need to be added in some stages of the idea process.
backfilling and jointing request database for 11kv lv cable installation in ms access software. backfilling and jointing request database for 11kv lv cable installation to be developed in ms access software for creating a common interface between different sections of pande projects execution department such as cable installation backfilling and reinstatement and jointing this online request will fasten inter communication between different sections to complete backfilling reinstatement jointing works in time without any delay and will eliminate external complaints from rta dm consultants developers customers as well as eliminate copper cable thefts from open trenches due to delay in backfilling. there is no mechanism to send the backfilling jointing request through online in between different sections and to monitor follow up the request status until it completed request through hard copy will lead to delay in delevery and misplacement of records. developement and implementation of backfilling and jointing request database in ms access software this database was implemented and working successfully in different sections of pande projects execution department since september 2015.
resource optimization data base. data base for d p resource optimization paper less work and on line approval from manager and reporting will be easy and data will be available anytime anywhere. currently quarterly reports annual reports of cost saving initiatives are submitted manually and we use excel sheet for compilation the quarterly achievement of each initiative is monitored recorded printed and then signed by concern manager and whole departmental report is prepared printed and signed by vp and then divisional report is prepared and printed and signed by evp and dp divisional resource optimization report is submitted to dewa resource optimization committee. database of resource optimization on line entry will be on line and approval from manager vp and evp will be through system and no more paper will be sued and all required information and evidence and approvals will be at one source and will be available to all concern as well as reports will be generated quarterly year wise department section wise easily.
sealing the current transformers of the ct operated energy meters to reduce tampering chances. as long as the current transformers are still kept with no sealing they will be vulnerable to tampering as any one reaches the cts can short out their terminal which will stop the current from receiving to the ct operated meter henceforth the meter will not measure the shorted out ct or the removed wires one its which will lead to non technical losses increase. vulnerability of ct operated meter current transformers to tampering due to having the current transformers reachable by consumers. assure sealing all those current transformer for the ct operated energy meters by the concerned at the earliest.
ecological welfare. he have to carefull consuming electricity if we do not try to save it when we have it then one day we would be asked by our children even by allah prophet muhammad peace and blessings be upon him is one who reached a pinnacle of success by not only verbally teaching but stringently applying islamic principle of ecological welfare my idea perhaps its sensitive but its just my concept only please ignor if its not feasible however there are so many sectors that we can concentrate at the begining i like to indicate all the big mosque of dubai genarally all the jumma prayer friday prayer mosque has two part one is big hall and another one is covered balcony or smaal hall all fridays during jumma muslims are gathered and full fill all the corener inside even outside field but all other prayer time less muslim gather at a time at that time we can use only 2nd or small hall instead of main one and accordingly we can cut down our ac usage. may be its not comfortable for prayer odd looking user not take it easy small hall are not facilitate properly. thogh its not direcly matter of dewa its relate to awqaf dewa can discuss the issue with concern authority for better solution.
use tablet or electronic note instead of using paper maintenance checklist for all maintenance record. most of the maintenance department still using hard checklist during maintenace period to keep maintenace records due to this practice daily huge qty of papers utilize by all the maintenace department which is need to stop by using smart device with apply necessary software like tablet electronic notes etc. huge qty of paper regular using by maintenace team to keep their maintenace records. a smart device like tablet electronic note can be used with apply necessary software for keeping maintenace records instead of using paper check sheet.
updatingthe preliminary occurrence report. changingthe preliminary occurrence report style and the method of writing to be clearerand easier for the writer and reader. the preliminaryoccurrence report was written as paragraphs which sometime takes time from thewriter during the analysis time to find the details of the occurrence theengineer be under pressure because it takes time and he want to maintain thesubmission target time in addition the received data from the concernedparties needs another time also to reformulate it or redraft it in paragraphs this also needs time to sort and arrange the ideas and re read it again toavoid any grammar mistake or spelling mistake which could happen under thepressure. i had prepared afixed form for the preliminary report contains of important required points in atable to save a time which is sometimes spent in writing paragraphs and savepapers because some occurrence reports take more than two pages moreover theaim of fixing the required points in advance in the table to not forget anyinformation during the analysis also to avoid any mistakes during the writingbecause the information will be direct writing by filling the table and thus the submission will be faster the benefit for the reader is to facilitate thereading for him and reaching the required data faster.
pvsp to operate on island grid during system blackout. during system blackout pvsp can operate on island grid with solrplnt 33kv substation as load thereby restoring supply to vvip consumers within a short period of time. to include pvsp during restoration in case of blackout. based on 12 10 2016 daily report 13mw pvsp registered a 10 79mw peak generation based on this data we can consider pvsp to operate on island grid during system blackout with solrplnt as its initial load after opening cbs towards evlg and ecty thereby restoring supply to vvip consumers within a short period of time we may add ecty or evlg depending on the capability of pvsp.
implementation of temporary danger sign boards and work plot limit boards. implementation of temporary danger sign boards and work plot limit boardswith gps coordinates which is designed by dewa tlm p to achieve zero cabledamage to install the temporary danger sign boards exactlyover the existing 132kv cable route by taking trail pits and gps coordinatesfor cable identification work plot limit boards to install at the edge ofplot or allowed work area to prevent contractors to exceed the plot limitspecially for piling sheet piling borehole and digging with machine it would be better if dewa attach danger sign boards and thework plot limit boards to third parties through dewa portal along with approvednoc and method statement then it will become easy for contractors they will implement it on the siteas it was issued with dewa tmd noc so each and every contactor will installthe same danger sign boards. presently contractors third parties are using different types of pilng sheet piling borehole ang digging machines near dewa network so it can be danger without temporary danger sign boards and work plot limit boards because contractor can exceed the work plot limit without cable identification so cable can be damaged and we cant achieve dewa vision. it will be easy to identify the underground cable routs contractors will no exceed work plot limit it will prevent vehicle parking over the cable route and below ohl.
clinic in dewa. dewa is a farplace from the city and for any emergency happened to the employees in dewapremises a clinic with a medical general specialist will help to saveemployees lives during working hours moreover it is a rest place for pregnantfemale staff that can use to lay down. no medical clinic available in the premises area. assign a room where can be easily accessiblefor all to be as a clinic.
ms office to be added in sap system other system to avoid printing papers. ms office to be added in sap system other system to avoid printing papers. memo job order and many more documents which we are making and sending to management for signature and keeping records through ms office its very difficult to find out where gone our paper for signature and we can not follow up properly which cousumes time and stress and delay our work. 1 in sap system other system there should be access to all dewa empoyee to make necessary documents and there should be process map to get signatue approval reveiw records file etc to eliminate unnecessary printing and if anyboday need to check records they can check in system only 2 if must need printing paper we have to minimize font size to reduce paper 3 there should be control on printing paper need to get the approval for printing papers.
water ninety eight percent consumption reduction. following h h sheikh mohammed binrashid al maktoum vision towards sustainable developments my proposal to aleading sustainable innovative world class utility is to install small tool onthe water tap that will reduce the waterconsumption up to ninety eight percent with same result mosquesin dewa are the best places to apply these tools since we use a lot of notutilized water in ablution moreover we can use it in the head office or any other places with high water consumption dueto number of visitors or employees there are more than one company alreadymaking this tool in reasonable such as altered nozzle or a full water tap withthis technology by other companies. high amount of wastedwater utilized water. a small tool that willreduce the water consumption by ninety eight percent by supplying only the required amount ofwater.
energy efficient street light. solar powered ligthing collects the sun its energy during the day and the solar panel converts solar energy into electricity than can light all over dubai even at night solar streetlights are actually designed to work throughout the night and it can even stay lit for more than one night if the sun is not available for a couple of days. energy saving sustainability no gas emission friendly user as it is very advantageous to everyone. solar street lighting is very much advantageous to everyone as it promotes green community living environment preserving our nature through zero gas emission and using natural light living in a more safer and preserve environment it is also a good notion to our company being the best model not only amongst the emirates of uae but also all over the world.
saving electricity and water. dewa staff can be motivated to save the electricity and water at home. lack of awareness and motivation to save the electricity and water. one dewa can conduct electricity and water saving competition for the staff two interested staff can enroll the name in the competition and to provide their dewa account number three electricity and water consumption trend can be analyzed by comparing the consumption rate between previous year and current year four staff who save more electricity and water can be awarded.
power the control points. distribution secondary substation some ss as control points means only it have ring main units only the hv 11kv available in that stations so the electrifications for that substations not connected to the power supply 230 v if we provide solar panels on the roof of control substation we can connect the electrification with power and we can connect efi earth fault indicator also if required. distribution control points secondary substation electrification not connected to power supply because non availability of lv two hundred and thirty voltage so operation in night is very difficult and cannot provide efi on that ss. distribution secondary substation some ss as control points means only it have ring main units only the hv 11kv available in that stations so the electrifications for that substations not connected to the power supply 230 v if we provide solar panels on the roof of control substation we can connect the electrification with power and we can connect efi earth fault indicator also if required.
departmental library corner. the idea is forevery department to have a library corner that consists of all the booksrelated to its sections for example general books about transformers switchgears civil engineering etc this will allownew joiners or existing employees to refresh their knowledge regarding either theirown section or having an idea of other sections it will also help new employeesreduce their training program duration and to fit quickly in the department wecan add to this library a tv which represents a slide show of the departmentpreviously events and add videos about sections for people who prefer visuallearning. the problem is that sometimes new joiners get lost at the beginning because hr coordinators take time to choose a mentor for and set a training program for them. we can create a departmental library so new joiners can spend time in learning about other sections and see departmental activities to fit in quickly.
antibiotic resistance and its awareness campaign. antibiotics resistance is one of the greatest health threats worldwide so idea is start awareness drive campaign for against the antibiotics resistance and its consequences prevention. the more you take antibiotics perhaps self medication the more bacteria in your body will become resistance so next time you take antibiotics when needed perhaps will not work as who the antibiotics resistance is going to be biggest disaster in next 10 20 years of time frame and will the cause of highest human death. awareness drive or campaign is key to prevent the misuse of antibiotics sometime self medication and microbial resistance in human.
traffic fines. security department to impose traffic fines for traffic violation in coordination with dubai police. reduce traffic violation by imposing the fines. parking violation will be zero.
taxi hub can be created near the office zone. since dewa warsan office is outside to the access point of metro or bus stand its very difficult to get a taxi anytime for those not having personnel vehicle or valid driving license. no transportation to access public transport or metro to access city. one creating taxi hub two arranging shuttle services to access city.
imposing hefty fines for illegal use of higher rated mccb able to reduce the complaints and cost of power interruption due to ss pk fuses blown and cable fault. nonstop illegal practice offixing higher rated mccb in compare with cable size at consumer its end resultsin increases over load at lvnm networks and frequently power interruption dueto ss pk mfp feeder fuses blowing and cable fault imposing hefty fines minimum aed 1000 for illegal use of higher rated mccb in compare with cable size able to reduce thecomplaints and cost of power interruptiondue to ss pk fuse blown and cable fault. there are nonstop illegal practice offixing higher rated mccb in compare with cable size at consumer its end resultsin increases over load at lvnm networks and frequently happens powerinterruption due to ss pk mfp feeder fuses blowing and cable fault if it is dedicatedfeeder dewa can impose charges for blowing fuses and customer himself suffererfor his miss did but if customer link with a feeder which feeds to multiple customersthen all connected customers will be sufferer for frequent power interruption especiallyin summer season on the other hand dewa call center lvnm dispatchers and technicians all become busy to handle this situation but no charges for the accusedcustomers. one disconnection of supply without any notice because they knowwhat they are doing two impose hefty fines minimum aed 1000 for illegal useof higher rated mccb in compare with cable size three fines should be doubled tripledas per power of mccb four reconnection the supply after payment offines with proper rated mccb five fines could be doubled for the repeatedoffence.
partial discharge measurement during mv cable hv test. due to several reasons mv cables could have a failure as follows a failure in cable termination one of the most common causes of failures b failure in joint not applicable for idt and cap banks cables c failure in the main cable body very rare hereby the cable failure due to termination issues are the highest causeof cable failures we could have after commissioning due to following reasons poor workmanship low quality termination accessories therefore mv cables and specially terminations should be monitored andtested before putting into service. if there is a preventive tool that could predicted the future failures byassessment of the cable termination quality and overall cable condition wouldbe a very useful assist that could save plenty of resources cost and man hour cost represented in replacement of damaged cables and nearby equipment inaddition to indirect cost resulting from cut of service man hour represented on the investigation and replacement of the damagedequipment. consequently the importance of the partial discharge measurements duringsat site acceptance test arises and pd measurement could be a part of sat hvtest of mv cables.
awareness about job requirements before walk in interviews. prior to walk in interviews a detail document related to specific job requirements to be circulated to manpower consultants or other media. many candidates appearing in walk in interviews doesn t know exact job requirements resulted in waste of time and increased work for dewa staff taking interviews. a detailed document with specific job description shall be circulated in order to filter out walk in candidates.
career path system need to implement atleast from grade seven level for expatriates. career path policy is a very good newinitiative from hr department for dewa employees at the moment the systemcalculated from grade nine for expatriates which need to revise from grade seven orminimum grade eight to provide change at least supervisor level to build theircareer in dewa. from grade seven all employees are mostly technically qualified those are not getting change their promotion through career path policy. career path policy need to to revise at least from grade seven or minimum all brand three level from grade p0308 for all expatriates employees.
removal of old drawings from transmission substations. removal of all old red markedup drawings from energized transmission substation upon the submission of as built drwaing at submissions. several set of drwaings are available in the transmission substation record room like rmd red markedup drawing one set and abd as built drawing two sets the following difficulties are being faced 1 due to agening of rmd at record room create book bugs which is unhealthy 2 clumsy in arrangment of drawings due to several set of drawings 3 unsafe handling of drawings where it is over accommodating overloaded of racks 4 time consuming to finding the required drawing 5 chances for reffering fadded rmd instead of abd. 1 remove all the old set of drawings immediately upon the submission of approved as built drawings 2 replace the very old damaged contaminated quality as build drawings with new abd set.
eid. connect thr q system with emirates id to identify customer before he come to the countre. no problome. customer will be more comfertable to the staff.
do camp. annually campaign for do staff to present their ideas andprojects that will effect positively on the work plan and leads to improve the efficiencyof work reliability of do assets and equipment and cut cost. new ideasand methods that came from long experience of being in the field or working inthe procedures but not submitted in the system or present them in a proper way. annuallycampaign looks like a competition between do staff to find new ideas or create new system that will helpto improve the working plan and matching with dewa strategy of sustainability and reliability.
spectrum enhancement arc protection and pwp status toggle button. arc protection and pwp status to be added to all 33kv substations with manual update if arc or pwp status changed from field it will be updated by dcc engineer telemated will be better option but that will be long term solution as it required alot of wiring and hardware. presently we are keeping record only in excel sheet and in spectrum we do not have facility to know either pwp arc protection is in service or not. short time solution manual update status for both arc pwp to be provided in specturm and for long term telemetered signal would be better option.
assistance for school admission for employee its child. employee child has to repeat the particular standard class in dubai if he she does not meet the local age criteria for school admission even though the child has completed studying the same class in his home country. admission to particular standard in the schools is awarded on the basis of local uae age criteria that condition is valid in case the child is going to start his education from pre nursery in dubai whereas if the child has completed studying a particular standard in his own country of residence he should be granted admission to the next standard class in dubai with some relaxation to age criterion for school admission. dewa can extend some assistance to the employees in their childs admission by issuing some kind of recommendation letter for age relaxation if possible the letter to be marked to the school authorities where employees child is to take the admission.
transportation for new joiners. transportation to be provided for new joiners during initial days of hotel stay. new joiners face commuting problems during initial days as most of them are new to dubai and do not have any vehicle as well. transportation facility can be provided during initial days.
electronic routine maintenance checklists. routine maintenance checklists to be filled by tablets no more hard copies. currently maintenance teams in distribution maintenance use traditional hard copies of checklist which are carried by maintennce group to site and filled by pen and reviewed by engineer at office and then scanned and upload in system. no more printing hardcopies and paperless work take tablet and fill all information at site and it shall directly go to review engineer and could be uploaded directly.
automated vehicle parking. an automated car parking system aps is a mechanical system designed to minimize the area and or volume required for parking cars like a multi story parking garage an aps provides parking for cars on multiple levels stacked vertically to maximize the number of parking spaces while minimizing land usage. less availability of parking space in dewa premises. an automated car parking system aps is a mechanical system designed to minimize the area and or volume required for parking cars like a multi story parking garage an aps provides parking for cars on multiple levels stacked vertically to maximize the number of parking spaces while minimizing land usage.
trial pit verification comments writing by site engineer. all dewa concern site staffs engineers are verifying the trial pits of hv services and ehv services at site and writing the comments on the same drawing given by the contractor. the comments given by the site staffs engineers some of their hand writing are readable and so are not able to read after scanning the documents it more difficult to read. provide smart device such that dewa site staffs engineers they can type their comment at site and take print out and stick on the drawing rta and dubai police are using the devices.
medical insurance. medical insurance benefit to be increased one hundred percent coverage for the employee and their family. even though having insurance card employees are supposed to pay some percentage of money it may may create financial problems to the employee in some crucial situations. medical insurance benefit to be increased one hundred percent coverage for the employee and there family.
customer aweerness during distribution nis to avoid outage rejection. notice ofinterruption service nis is a regular activities for dewa which is providingadvance shutdown information to consumer for plan maintenance work as perobservation so many consumers are simply reject our notice and put comments tocarry out maintenance work on holiday or after duty hrs which is affected verybadly in our departmental kpi also as well as productivity the most of the reason of customer disagree is theyare not ready to understand the importance of maintenance so after rejectiontheir end we are cancelling outage to provide customer satisfaction which isincreasing risk equipment failure or others big hazards. most of the time customer simply reject nis with mention very silly justification due to not ready to understand the importance of the maintenance work so based on their rejection dewa cancel outage to provide customer satisfaction which is increasing equipment failure risk or others big hazards. a awareness text can be included backside of nis sheet or it can be made asa separate small leaflet along with nis copy for customer awareness to easyunderstanding the importance of maintenance so consumer will sincerelythink before doing any rejection and try to understand importance ofmaintenance.
video conference with contractors consultants. create video conference interface with dewa contractors consultants to discuss review any issue problems related to noc drawing wherever it is applicable with other department. wastetime of customer to come to dewa office for discussion. createan application for video conference or through dewa web site.
rationing the paper. every department shall have their quota of the paper per number of employees based on the departments nature of job if any one request for more paper there should be special approval process which will require the user department to provide proper justification for their increased paper use. paper is taken very granted in all the offices because it is abundantly available if the supply is restricted peole will be more vigilant inthe use. material requisition of paper shall have proper justification if the requirement is above their allowed quota whic should be listed for each dept per person based on the dept activity.
paper free. saving paper in stores transaction. mr gr str sto sti mrr mrnand gate pass these all output we are printing especailly mr of the end user issuing material need to print the mr in order to see the items required depends how many item in mr preparing gr for the goods reveive for inspection by need to print the gr depends how many items we received preparing sto is the same thing need to print the sto in order to see how many items required i can see how many paper we are using every transaction specially from the user whenever they required materials in store somtimes only one item in one mr 3 things we can save if we will not print 1 paper 2 toner 3 electricity. wifi in stores warehouse using gadget like ipad tablet and install the sap application mr gr str sto sti mrr mrn and gate pass must have option to save the output file upon selecting the stores location notification must receive document number by the storekeeper whenever end user createdthe mr and mrr issuing by using the ipad store keeper will no need to print any mr gr str sto sti mrr and gatepass because he can easily view and issue directly going to the location with the gadget tablet as per request of the end user and by notification we can immediately prepare the request material in the mr end user will come only to store for pick up hte items receiving while receiving of the item simply only take a picture of the items received and the delivery note and save it then create the gr and save it and send the picture of the do along the pic of the recieved items and the gr to the end user more effective and easily identify the items for the end user informing the end user no need to print out their mr mrr in order to control minimize the using of paper in store transaction gate pass sto str sti and mrn simply just send by email or notification wiil send to the concern department upon selecting their location or division department wise.
award for most paperless division. study annual paper utilized by each division and based on the statistics award the division for being most efficient in paper usage motivate people to be more efficient in utilzation of paper. many initiative have been taken but people continue printing papers and wasting them. introducing awards to recognize efficiect paper usage.
knowledge center and knowledge coordinator mandatory in in every department. every dept in dewa must have a knowledge center with relevant document samples and books manual pertaining to the activity of that department and a knowledge center coordinators. there is no proper system in most department in dewa where the activities experiences and other important knowledge and informations are captured and recorded. an organised knowledge center will help the employees refresh their knowledge induction of new employees and trainees.
conduct paperless meetings. conduct paper less meetings by encouraging dewa employees to use their laptops ipads for reviewing documents and note making during meetings. when in a meeting do you really need to paper copies of meeting materials available for each participant? during meetings employees usually prints documents in order to be used reference during meetings these paper prints are usually used only for that particular meeting and will be waste afterwards. encourange employees to used laptops ipads with digital copies of their needed documents during meetings computers laptops ipads smartphones wi fi signal can be made available in meeting rooms in order for employee can be access their documents through their log in username and passwords.
employee happiness pulse link on desktop. my suggestion is to provide employee happiness pulse link on desktop will help to know how happy are you today? from all employees on and when required.  employee happiness pulse link on desktop will help to know how happy are you today? from all employees on and when required.
suggestion to provide single phase ivt its in place of 3phase ivt in 400 132kv substation. in 400 132kv substation 3phase ivt its are used in voltage selection scheme so single phase failure detection couldn t be acheived due to 3phase ivt characteristics ie failed phase voltage is developed by the other two available phases by its magnetic induction in ivt core due to this voltage development cb synch close is possible during single phase failure also the vt supply absent alarm will not be raised due to this induced voltage in the ivt this could be eradicated by providing 3nos single phase ivt in place of three phase ivt. in 400 132kv substation cb synch close is possible during single phase failure also the vt supply absent alarm will not be raised due to this induced voltage in the failed phase in ivt. single phase ivt will not develop the same voltage in case of any single phase failure so this could be eliminated by providing 3nos single phase ivt in place of three phase ivt.
technical and management courses academy. almost every well known international organization have technical training academies and staff colleges for enhancing the skills of their employees as per the need of the company dewa should build their own technical training academy as well as management staff college all engineering related courses trainings should be done by the employees from the engineering academy while various management courses to be carried out by the employees from the management staff college. pre promotion training criteria needs to be implemented in dewa. all pre promotion courses may be classified into junior level mid career level or senior level and the same to be done from the above mentioned academies.
online design drawing document submission for contractor consultant. the design drawings document submission is being done manually by the contractor cosultant as hard soft copy the proposal of online submission of drawing document will reduce the time consuming for document handling. there is huge document handling works due to hard copy document submission manually by the contractor consultant. providing access for online submission of document drawing for contractor consultant will help to reduce the time consuming for document handling.
smart start making a reader today. smart reading app will propose new trends contents news based on the employee job roles new technology projects and interests. improvement in knowledge. smartreading page to be developed in freejna smart office dewa mobile app application will propose reading content based on employee job role andinterests solutionto be customized per employee or employee group or units proposecontent based on job roles and background e g engineering maintenance solar etc optionto select topics of interest like innovations future securityetc.
converting a4 size paper to a5. converting unused portion of a4 paper to a5. many of our paper prints out are having unprinted area especially last page of an e mail print out. by providing a cutting machine we can convert this to a5 size paper.
improvement of legend in spectrum. suggests to improve the legend section in spectrum with detailed and complete symbols as many staff including new joiners are unable to identify or locate symbols which are used in single line diagram. many staff including new joiners experiences problems in identifying various legends and its details which are used in single line diagram in spectrum some of the symbols currently not available in legend are communicative efi sfa fpi fault passage indicator ar autorecloser types etc. a continuous improvement plan to update legend section with all related symbols are required so that any staff can easily understand the symbols or special words used in single line diagram.
permanent labels on bakelite plastic sheet at designated places with distinguished floor marking for material storage inside transmission substations. dewa specs to include provision of permanent labels on bakelite plasticsheet to be provided at designated places for storage of maintenance special tools testing instruments maintenance trolleys gas handlingequipment ladder etc with distinguished floor marking. without having any designated place for storage of maintenence tools and equipment it is left to discretion of staff to decide material storage place. revise dewa specs to include requirements of permanent labels with distinguished floor marking for oraganizing maitenance items in orderly manner to enhance aesthetic look in the transmission substations.
daily submission of patrolling reports through digital device sap wav three mobility device. daily zone wise patrolling reports bytlm lp staffs should submit through digital device sap wav three mobility device which will result in cost saving by avoiding using papers and enhances smart work and support dubai government smart initiative green environment. daily zone wise patrolling reports are currently hand written and it consumes a lot of papers on daily basis it will increase carbon foot prints and will afftect the enviornment. daily patrolling reports should be submitted through digital device sap wav three mobility device which will result in cost saving and supports dubai government smart initiative.
a day without papers or selecting a period of time that all dewa its stop using papers. in the paperlessweek campaign we can selecting a period of time that all dewa its stop usingpapers and within that period paperless champions counts how many paper they vesaved and converting the number into how many trees have been saved during thisperiod of time then those information would be distributed among dewa staff this would actually would change employees culture and thinking. careless thinking of dewa its staff when itcomes to printing unnecessary paper. alreadybeen mentioned in the description.
indian ivr. install indian language through ivr system. rash times more dropeness happens from indian nationality thery are inquery for their bill payment or other service so we have shortness call agents to assist them during the rash times recently we are recieving several of indian customers who aren t abale to communicate either in arabic of english. i perfer to inculde an installling to dewa its ivr indian autorespond assisting indian selection of any dewa its service moreover i can see that to inclusde an indian language to the ivr system for thouse who arn t able to speak or understand arabic or english language.
methods to reducepaper usage. our daily workand daily reports require daily printing and papers consumption we cannot stopusing the printer or the use of paper but there are points if they arefollowed the paper usage will reduce. using a lot ofpapers during printing and this will wastes money not only on buying papers butalso on buying ink and also will affect the environment. the solution is using garamond font which is known as a cost saverfor large organizations that print large number of documents this font is forreducing waste printing less using less papers using less ink adjust small margin like 0 75inch 1 90cm set a target for paper usage reduction in eachdepartment conduct a paper audit eliminate unused report viaa print audit default double sides print reduce header footer size default duplex copying.
a device that can harvest energy from shock absorbers in cars. i suggest to support the below idea or to do our pilotproject with their support let us accelerate the future the researchers hope to test the system in a heavy goodvehicle soon in cooperation with an industrial partner so we can take this opportunity a device that can harvest energy from shock absorbers incars has been developed by researchers from the university of huddersfield whosay it will reduce fuel consumption in vehicles of the future current technologies allow harvesting energy from brakesduring deceleration this energy can be fed into the vehicle its batteries andused to power electrical systems such as air conditioning so far however noone has attempted to harvest energy from suspension systems the new device was developed by former huddersfield doctoralstudent ruichen wang in an article in the journal energies wang describes thedevice which is intended for use in heavy goods vehicles it has resulted in a truly realisable application forenergy recovery from a typical road vehicle professor andrew ball wang ssupervisor commented on the project ruichen developed a theoretical predictive model andcarried out the empirical testing and the two of them correlate beautifully the researchers hope to test the system in a heavy goodvehicle soon in cooperation with an industrial partner however they believethe technology could also work in trains we are now exploring how dr wang its energy harvesting andmodelling techniques can be applied to developing low cost self healthmonitoring dampers for railway vehicles a project which already has twoindustrial partners said paul allen who leads the university ofhuddersfield its institute of railway research centre for innovation in rail https eandt theiet org content articles 2016 10 device harvests energy from car shock absorbers ?utm source adestraandutm campaign new percent20eandt percent20news percent20 percent20automation percent20final percent20 percent20memberandutm medium newsletters percent20 percent20e percent26t percent20newsandutm content e percent26t percent20news percent20 percent20membersandutm term https percent3a percent2f percent2feandt theiet org percent2fcontent percent2farticles percent2f2016 percent2f10 percent2fdevice harvests energy from car shock absorbers percent2fandutm contact 1100428649.  as above in idea description.
sap brd business requirement document. all updations enhancments changes to existing processes in sap need to be submitted to it via a business requirement document brd these documents need to be filled signed and submitted in hard copy only. the brd consists of three pages and this is a waste of paper in addition to the time taken for physical movement of the document from one desk to the next. introduce brd in the khadamatech portal and follow the authorization process through virtual route as well as integrate it with dewa email.
knowledge weekly digest. recommended list of books articles to read on thursday will be sent to employees and they can download them via dewa elibrary or direct links and thus on weekend they can read what is recommended. employees of dewa may have limited time to go through the elibrary a newsletter can facilitate what to read from books and articles given that it can cover technical managerial general knowledge areas. a weekly newsletter to employees listing down in a table with some thumbnails pictures of a recommended list.
double tee connector marking in spectrum and sticker on rmu. mdr em mdu em are providing double tee connector in the isolator at mv sustations for fast connection of mdg. in the event of multiple faults in 11kv ring or fault in a radial feeder we may be left with no choice but to connect 11kv mdg for restoring supply to interrupted mv subtations double tee connector has made it easy for mdr em mdu em to connect 11kv mdg without removing isolator termination at mv substation since double tee connector is provided in isolator at mv substation so it is required to remove cable termination box for checking and confirming the availability of double tee connector which will delay the connection of mdg and restoration of power supply. 1 in order to connect mdg for timely restoration of power supply it is necessary that some kind of marking must be provided at mv substations in scada spectrum having double tee connector 2 similarly a sticker indicating isolator having double tee connector should be put on rmu in the field.
rearrangement of documentations files store. all documentations files in the stores should be rearranged by proper way. many of documentations files are scattered anywhere on the grounds and on the bottom of existing cupboards and any one can enter this room without any control so this will may lead to loose many of important documents moreover all files are placed at open shelves this is not safe and not secured fire case may happen and many files will be lost see attached photo. rearranging the files by locked closed cupboards and access to this area should be controlled and monitored.
career road map. a road to identitfy employees path based on his her qualifications experience and trainings to enhance the productivity of the authority. alot of employees are being placed in fields and jobs that are not related to their education and experince specially the new joiners. by having a robust system that will take in employee education experience and trainings and based on that it will decide which employee should work in the suitible job.
integrate desk phone with microsoft lync. integrate lync with desk phone system this lets lync to control desk phone and can make calls on desk phone by clicking the call button in the contacts list or can accept a call by clicking the incoming call alert on computer screen. presently to make a call first to check the number from contact list and need to dial manually some times this may lead to dialing wrong numbers also. integrate lync with desk phone system and calls can be made directly by clicking the call button in the contacts list this will help to avoid dialing wrong numbers.
to include cancel option in booking system. staff can cancel booking. currently staff are not able to cancel bookings once they book the meeting room through booking system if there is change in meeting or for some reason staff want to cancel booking it is possible only through coordinator sometimes employees have very busy schedule and are not able to inform cordinators to cancel therefore someone else who wants to utilize the meeting room cannot book due to non availibilty of meeting rooms sometimes employees do meetings in the parking lot or reception area. if cancel option is made available staff can easily cancel if not required and it can be utilized by other staff.
sms token. this idea about how to reduce the paper inoffice. pollution and carbon foot print generatingmore trash and also against sustainability. use sms tokens for customer rather than using paper token in the queue system.
heat resistant adhesive labeling to be provided for double t connector rmu its for 11kv mdg connection in the field. heat resistant adhesive labeling to be providedfor double t connector rmu its for 11kv mdg connection heat resistant adhesive label withstand summertemperature in the substation and more life and durable very easy to identify double t connector availability from the field andconnected towards during system emergency for connecting 11kv mdg maintenance team take more care during routine maintenance of rmu. after installation of double t connector very difficult to identifyphysically connected panel and connected towards after closing cable box notpossible to identify from the rmu. heat resistant adhesive labeling to be provided for double t connector rmu its for 11kv mdg connection very easy to identify double t connector availability from the field and connected towards during the system emergency for connecting 11kv mdg.
safety shoe quality. site staff should have a good quality safety shoe this good quality safety shoe will be given to the staff every two yrs or three yrs. it is very heavy and bulky because of it is size tripping hazard and uncle sprain is a potential risk the present safety will last only for one year due to low quality. buy a very good quality safety shoe this safety shoe to be given to staff every two yrs or three yrs.
oil leakage identification by spotcheck exact leakage point of oil transformer rmu. identifyingthe exact leakage point of oil transformer rmu is the key to repire thedefect successfully since some of the leakage identified from transformer bushing but difficult or take time to locate the point exactly i e is it from casket loose of bushing rod cracks bolts loose etc reference to the above i suggestintroducing the spotcheck inspection method in our workshop spotcheck is themost reliable and widely used leak inspection method spotcheck is a ready touse suspension of white developing particles in a fast drying solvent it produces an opaque white coating which provides an excellentcontrasting background for leak penetrate indications for finding the smallest and finest defects benefits spotcheck delivers accurate reliable leak crack detectionresults quick drying ease to use cost effective method of applicationclean apply spotcheck skd s2 then wait finallycheck the leakage point. some of the leakage identified from transformer bushing but difficult or take time to locate the point exactly i e is it from casket loose of bushing rod cracks bolts loose etc. as above in idea description.
access platform to idt roofs. access ladder provided to idt roofs only in addition platform should be provided to walk for inspections and for maintenance also. inspection problem because there is no platform. access platform to be provided for idt and et roofs.
usb socket. currently mostof the smartphones ipads cameras and other devices are using chargers withusp ports so to charge one of these devices you need always laptop or computer or an adapter which might be not original or with low quality or not safe. so tocharge one of these devices you need always laptop or computer or an adapterwhich might be low quality or not safe. i proposeto consider usp socket as a part form dewa requirements regulations for projects residential commercial etc.
built in pda in emergency dfo vechiles location and substation finder. built in pda in emergency dfo vechiles location and substation finder by keeping software update by providing maps updater using by dubai police ambulance civil defence reference for suggestion. as dewa given portable pda to all field dewa staffs which need to update montly basis as lot of substation are increasing day by day and dubai roads are altering day in certain intervals if not updated will guide follow the old roads in dubai which cause missing of exits and delay in reaching the substation in case of emergency and nis outages. built in pda in emergency dfo mdu lvnm csd vechiles location and substation finder by keeping software update by providing maps updater using by dubai police ambulance civil defence reference for suggestion.
reading comptetion for staff. to orgnaize a yearly reading comptetion across dewa where we specify a number of books that each employee should read in order to be part of the comptetion the winner will get a prize in the end of the comptetion. many people dont have the motiviation to read. a reading comptetion may encourage staff to partcipate.
process simplification. to obtain proper handing over process at sitefor cable fault damage declaration by lv technician to breakdown foreman. current practice involves declaration offault by lv technician to breakdown foreman verbally this way communicationbetween them lacks accuracy and imperfect which effect directly to ourcustomers and indirectly our performance thus this will effect dewa image. handing over process to be at site for cable fault damage by complaint technician to breakdown foreman in a written note a copy of the note can be attached and kept secured in the effected substation this will assist in minimizing the interruption period and for better utilization of manpower between sections the introduction of carbon copy handing over note will ease the process of attending complaints.
flexible timein out up to fifteen minutes to reduce congestions around dewa its ho area. as per the hrrules the employee should complete seven working hours daily my suggestion is toallow the employee to report to work max fifteen minutes early 07 15 07 30 to beentitle to leave any time between 14 15 14 30. trafficcongestion around dewa its ho spending more than thirty minutes in congestion to reach home while it will take15 mints to reach if this suggestion implemented. allow the employeeto report to work max fifteen minutes early 07 15 07 30 to be entitle to leave anytime between 14 15 14 30.
using the one hundred and twenty minutes entitelment for clock in out. to allow employee to use the one hundred and twenty minutes exception not only during clockin but also allowing the staff to use this exception while clockingout. allow employee to leave early when required instead of applying for short leave for 10 15 minutes. allow flexy utilization of the exceptional one hundred and twenty minutes.
fat reports to be included in drawings schedule. fat reports to be included in drawings schedule. right now for all the projects fat reports are submitted through letter due to this the same is not available in the project list of drawings ddcms. by including the fat reports in the drawing schedule ddcms this issue will be solved.
award point need to include for all approved special track idea same as first track. award point is very important to reach top innovator list presently their is no point system for approved special track idea so special track idea submittors are not getting change to increase their point even their idea is approved but for all approved first track idea submittor is geeting award both for finance and point. special track idea submittors are loosing valueable point even their idea is approved to reach top innovator list. point system should implemented for all approved special track idea same as first track it can be minimum one hundred point or more.
checking of usd ultrasound discharge during the preventive routine maintenance. ultrasound inspection may be performed on both open accessand enclosed electrical equipment at all voltages low medium and high whenelectrical apparatus such as switchgear transformers insulators ordisconnects and splices fail the results can be catastrophic this is just astrue in industrial plants as it is in the power transmission and distributionside electrical discharges such as arcing tracking or in higher voltages corona have the potential to create equipment failure and costly downtime these conditions can becomea source of an arc flash incident which can result in severe injury or death arcing tracking and corona produce ultrasound and are detected with anultraprobe. condition monitoring team are doing the ultrasound inspection byultrasound device and we have these numbers of nod about one thousand and eleven nod in the duration between2015 2016of usd observed from tr rmu and lvdb we depend on our visibility of faults in all the equipment to find the fault of nod usd discharge and focusing on the tightness of all links and joints etc. in case of usd discharge nod in the equipments of routine maintenance need to use the device to locate faults accurately rather than searching for the fault according to the nod found previously by condition monitoring asset mgt team.
seperate follow up supervisor in each greater zone in tlp department. additional supervisor is required in greater zones to follow up eliminate corridor violations. presently critical supervisor is doing followup for removing the vehicle parking inside ohl corridor and also for controlling corridor violations by third parties contractors hence at times critical supervisor will not get enough time to complete all trial pit verifications and to visit critical work locations. by deputing a seperate supervisor sr supervisor in each greater zone for the follow up and removal of corridor violation will increase the productivity and can also eliminate contractor complaints of long time waiting at work locations for the arrival of critical supervisors for doing trial pit verifications.
awarness of ehv protective regulations. awareness training session should be given to new contractors who start working near dewa transmssion line. observed that site working contractor staff have no awareness of ehv protective regulations by tlm to be suggested by tlp staff. awareness training session should be given to new contractors who start working near dewa transmssion lines contractor name must be suggested by zone patroller.
awareness training session for contractors. awareness training session to new contractors who start working near dewa transmssion lines contractor name must be suggested by zone patroller. observed that site working contractor staff have no awareness of ehv protective regulations by tlm to be suggested by tlp staff. awareness training session should be given to new contractors who start working near dewa transmssion lines contractor name must be suggested by zone patroller.
establish shift duty for transmission line patrolling engineers. establish shift duty morning afternoon night fortlm lp engineers instead of normal duty to improve the efficiency productivity of works by attending all emergency works during the day hours and night hours. one unable to attend the emergency works after duty hours 2 stressful for engineers due to contractor calls even after duty hours due to 24 7 followup 3 reduced productivity from engineers due to stress and tiredness both physically and mentally 4 affects the interest towards the job 5 ultimately affects the safety of the transmission lines. establish shift duty morning afternoon night fortlm lp engineers instead of normal duty to improve the efficiency productivity of works by attending all emergency works during the day hours and night hours.
controlling of vehicle accidents in tlm lp section. benchmarking vehicle driving skills by criterias to assess all the vehicle users to improve their defensive driving skills and avoid dewa vehicle accidents. uncontrolled vehicle accidents in tlm lp section. benchmarking vehicle driving skills by criterias to assess all the vehicle users to improve their defensive driving skills and avoid dewa vehicle accidents.
allowance for mobile bills to be increased. existing mobile bill allowance for dewa tlm lp staffs to be increased to met the increased call requirements to the customers during duty hours. existing mobile allowance provided to tlm lp staffs is not adequate. existing mobile bill allowance for dewa tlm lp staffs to be increased to met the increased call requirements to the customers during duty hours.
updated technical specification handouts for ug cabling and ohl for tlp staffs. updated technical specification handouts copy for ug cabling and ohl shall handover to tlp for ready reference. non availability of updated technical specification handouts for ug cabling and ohl with all the staffs. updated technical specification handouts for ug cabling and ohl shall handover to tlp for ready reference.
flexible marker with reflective red and white instead of pole type. by providing flexible marker with reflective red and white will reduce the replacement of pole type pvc marker in hdd areas and improve beautification in the emirate of dubai. efficiency of providing cable route markers. by providing flexible marker with reflective red and white will reduce the replacement of pole type pvc marker in hdd areas and improve beautification in the emirate of dubai and it will improves the satisfaction of dewa partners.
add bollard marker for link box protection in specification. bollard markers are to be fixed around link box enclosure for protection. non availability of procedures and technical documents in dewa specification. bollard markers are to be fixed around link box enclosure for protection.
proper support arrangements in low profile land areas and inside desert areas for ug cables. proper support arrangement shall be done to safeguard the circuits from sand erosion due to sand storm and heavy rain. sand erosion close to the circuits that are placed in low profile land areas due to sandstorm and heavy rain. proper support arrangement shall be done to safeguard the circuits from sand erosion due to sand storm and heavy rain.
afkari physical campaign in all dewaoffices for non nt user and field staff in every quarter. afkari system is mostly active in online system so all non nt user and most of the field staffs are not getting change to participate due to not getting interest and don t know what to do also leak of awareness for afkari idea system. very less participants from non nt user andfield staffs. a campaign can bea good solution to motivated non nt and field staffs to involve afkari idea participation it can be doneevery quarter 04 campaign in the one year in all dewa offices with using manual idea submit system afkari box by hardcopy paper time for submission idea can be fixed for 7 10 days.
additional tlm noc condition to safegaurd trans net works from 3rd party works. the following condition is needed to be added in tlm noc sticker working party should take necessary precautionay measures actions while working near 400 132kv lines as per site requirement during work execution this condition will be mentioned last in tlm noc conditions sticker. during execution of ste works contractors are advised by tlp staff to implement new requirements of protecting the 400 132kv cable and ohl such as eg shoring to prevent soil collapse near cable route since not included in the noc contractor becomes reluctant and disagree for the same. by providing this additional condition as a last condition in the tlm sticker that working party should take necessary precautionay measures actions while working near 400 132kv lines as per site requirement during work execution we can insist and control the contractor on stopping the works and seek separate approval for the same.
additional tlm noc condition for foc pilot protection during 132kv sflr lilo diversion works. live fo pilot cables safety measures should be ensured by the end user concerned supervision department who have taken outage caution permit for the installation rectification work tcd ted tlcm tecom snd during one hundred and thirty two kv power cable lilo diversion sflr works or vice versa power cable may be live and fo pilot will be under shutdown. generally during the outage caution permit for power cable related to the installation of 132kv power cable lilo diversion sflr fo cables are in live condition and tlm lp is unable to supervise the fo implementation of protective regulation due to the below reasons 1 confined restricted area of works 2 duplication of departmental work leading to confusion 3 time delay during emergency works due to interferance of patrolling 4 wastage of resources manpower vehicle or the above is applicable for vice versa power cable live and fo cable under shutdown. the concerned dept under whom the work is carried out can be responsible for the safety of the live cable whether power or pilot fo.
replacement of all old ultra sound detector with new latest model for condition monitoring. condition monitoring activities is making avital role for ss maintenance activities the most important instrument ultra sound detector is using by condition monitor team to foundout equipment abnormality the existing equipment is procured long back morethan ten years which has less facility also very old model as per new availableequipment in market. ultra sound detector is very old model also heavy with big carrying box. all existing isntrument can be replaced with latest smart instrument to get more facility and data during its its equipments condition monitoring.
long term campign for customer to update contact details. to make smartdubai dewa is taken more initiative steps to reach the smart goal customersmart communication is one of them dewa broadcast green bill and many othersaction to develop smart process to get more benefits and complete green dubaitarget all customers contact details like phone email need to update indewa sap system to eliminate all manual process. one some customer contact number not update in sap correctly 2 customer email not update for most of the accounts. a long term campaign can be taken by dewato all customer door to door all dewa customer offices all important publiclocation to update customer mobile number and email address also awareness tocustomer for green dubai for this campaign dewa can make few groups from differentdepartment include local staffs participation or can be used school studentsduring school holiday camp.
request to arrange prayer hall in al hudaiba office bldg its basement for male staff members. there are sufficient space available in al hudaiba office building basement after most of the documents files were converted to electronics system such as sap edms and also some files were shifted scrapped also still some more documents can also can be transferred scanned to electronics system and then some more space also available limited documents can also be stored and basement can be re arranged in proper manner and max one hundred nos of dewa staff and visiting customers prayer hall can be arranged coverted with all facilities of masjid including ablution. al hudaiba dewa staff and visitors are praying at adjacent masjids it is taking minimum 30 40 minutes for every staff member if prayer hall is available within office premises very less of time will only take for prayers so no need to go outside masjid for prayer. as per above idea once the prayer hall is available for staff time can be saved considerably and work productivity will not lose more.
tips and tricks. sending mails of tips and tricks of different applications and systems used in dewa. every application or program has some technique to simplify the work not all staff aware of this techniques. sending mails of tips and tricks of different applications and systems used in dewa so this will improve the usage of this applications and systems and productivity.
training awareness on installation operation maintenance of efis. a training awareness shall be arranged for the field staff of all user departments on installation operation maintenance of efis with the manufacturer. in view of the several nods reported against efis analysis of the same were done by dam randa at site and in workshop accordingly the results showed that most of the nods were not due to defective efis units yet they were due to other reasons factors like wrong assessment of efis and their connections mis handling of test buttons etc also in some cases it is found that the efi earth4 0 test button was defective due to the violation of ip65 which is the degree of protection for surface mount housing of efi i e pollution with sand and dust inside the housing. a training awareness shall be arranged to the field staff of all user departments on the installtion operation mainternace of efis with the manufaturer.
bring the fia formula e to dubai. formula e electric vehicles equivalent of formula 1 http www fiaformulae com en championship is an increasingly popular professional competition that takes place already in a few city center street races in major cities around the world e g mexico city hong kong marrakesh new york the aim is to push car manufacturers and oems to develop more efficient and durable batteries for transportation i believe dubai and dewa could become major stakeholdes and promoter for this important competition in three different ways 1 sponsoring and supporting the competition in line with the incredible push towards green energy and sustainable environmental solutions 2 becoming a host for a race in the championship the city would be a fantastic setting for this 3 support and develop an homegrown team dewa as the electricty provider and a key stakeholder in the process of developing sustainable solutions for the city emirate and develop technologies and knowledge through its randd and innovation units would be the ideal sponsor coordinator and lead for this event rta and dubai tourism could be involved in the process as co developers given that this competition is addressing not only energy storage but also mobility and that the race would be a major attraction and catalyst for the city. uae and dewa are transitioning very fast towards green tech solutions which will require eventually capabilities and technologies in e storage systems e g batteries for smart grids and decentralized power solutions and infrastructures to deliver the fuel of the future electricity for electric cars understanding and driving developments in the sector will benefit from the development of events and competition that push innvoation create awareness and momentum and create exchange of knowledge and information with the changes in the future of grid and mobility dewa will become a main player in the development and or integration of e storage technologies and will have to coordinate these changes with the transportation sector e vehicles penetration in the market will have major impact on the load demand and infrastructures required this competition will not only advertise further to the world dubai its incredible efforts to transition to clean and sustainable energy but also help develop solutions that are tested and customized for the region. become a makor stakeholder in promotoing the fia formula e competition following the three steps proposed above to push the development and integration of solutions for the road and transportation sector and tightly linked to it the electricity and power systems in dubai.
change logo of expo two thousand and twenty in dewa head office. change logo model for expo two thousand and twenty from the old logo to the new logo sarouq al hadeed in dewa head office. keep up withthe changes. chang old logo.
handicraft toilet facility in al warqamaintenance deira office for disabilities. huge numbers ofemployees are working under maintenance deira zone office al warqa and some of staffsare disable category also the department is representatives customer servicesunit for lv network system where customers are visiting regular twenty four hrs as per dewa policy there is no toilet facility for disabilities. no handicraft toilet facility available in al warqa office for employees as well as customers. at least one notoilet can be modified for disabilities employees and customers with fix allhandicraft facility to ensure employees happiness and best customer service.
using creativty room for innovation events. organizing parallelinnovation week events that take place at dewa main office in warsan screativity room. sometimes we feel isolated because we do not have the opportunity to enjoy events that are organized in the main office due to concerns about parking availability in the main office. running the same events at dewa warsan creativity room or training hall.
repair renovation of floor of lifts at dewa head office. floor of the lifts at dewa head office is damaged and not giving good impression as high profile visitors delegations and other vips visiting management offices and the floor of the lifts need to be reapair renovation. floor of the lifts at dewa head office is damaged and not giving good impression as high profile visitors delegations and other vips visiting management offices and the floor of the lifts need to be reapair renovation. floor of the lifts at dewa head office is damaged and not giving good impression as high profile visitors delegations and other vips visiting management offices and the floor of the lifts need to be reapair renovation.
celebration of reading week. everyyear a reading week shall be announced at individual dewa knowledge centersto encourage reading in communities and consolidating it as a daily habit. duringday to day busy work routine individuals find it difficult to spare some timefor general reading activities this is not only essential for building ofmental capabilities and knowledge but also supporting intellectual output and harnessingknowledge communities within our society. dewa fraternity is encouraged to participate in the proposed reading week through the platform of our knowledge centers both on individual and group level 1 prominent booksellers to be included in dewa waffar scheme 2 discounted books order placement facility to be provided at dewa knowledge centers 3 share an hour seminars to be held for the whole week and speakers should be encouraged while awarding with reading mentors certificates 4 language workshops arabic english hindi urdu french etc to be held throughout the week our goal is for two thousand and sixteen to be the start of a sustainable cultural change among generations a change that consolidates the importance of reading celebrates knowledge and boosts the status of reading.
to install smart book shelves in the dcc ghusais and warsan office visitors lounge area in ground floor. to install smart book shelves in the shapes of trees to keep the refrence books and mannuals in the dcc ghusais and warsan office visitors lounge area in ground floor. nil. as above.
telecommunication services to be handled by one division it division. my idea is that all telecommunication servicesrequested by dewa stakeholders like land lines fax lines gsm pabx systems telephoneextensions and value added services etc shall be handled by one division it division. currently in dewa you will find that same telecommunication services are provided via two different departments divisions it and bs and hr which confuses the users delay the process and difficult to trace and track the orders and accounts. it is recommended as per standard practice all telecommunication and network services shall be handled and controlled byit division where necessary tools equipments and experts are in place the users are suffering and wastingunnecessary time between it and bs andhr to know which one is responsible to provide the services sim card direct line telephone extensions etc the above idea will save time for payment clarificationand processing increase employee satisfaction controlling the process anddefine the responsibilities.
distribution control room improvement. the productivity level of the control room can improve by increasing the number of screens in each console used for spectrum increasing the number of spectrum screens will allow system engineers to open each outage in saparate screen for operation each system engineer will optimise them in their own way to increase their effeciency and effectiveness decrease the waiting time of the operation engineers decrease the scada operation time of the system control engineers currently the number of screens available for spectrum use are only three this limits the productivity of the employees since two screens are being used for alarms and only one is used for operations there is a bigger number of outages happening in the morning multiple outages at the same time this sometimes happens while another field engineer is on hold in the other line waiting for his operation. wasted of time not enough display in screen space. increase the number of spectrum screens and flexibility of screen arrangement adjustable in my opinion ideal number would be six screens.
send a best wishes card on any of the events like nationalday to sick people in hospitals. dewa can send best wishescard to the sick people in hospitals on days of national importance andfestivals like national day eid al fitr etc this will improve dewa simage as well as healthy effect to the recipient.  dewa needto coordinate with the hospitals before such day and can deliver wishes throughgreeting cards.
dewa partnership with mooc websites for training. dewa can partner with mooc massive open online courses sites and arrange online trainings including certificates. quality training courses for employees in collaboration with accredited international universities is still not available in dewa. a number of website are available that offers mooc massive openonline courses by different universities although these courses are free butif one needs a certificate he she has to pay dewa can partner with such sitesand arrange online trainings including certificates such websites include coursera com lynda com futurelearn cometc.
idea for twelve hours duty. twelve hour duty insted of eight hour for group shift lvnm warqa. 1 at beak time from 12 30 to15 00 a lot of complaint and cable fault came but in our timing duty at thistime our shift change! 2 we take at least half hourto load material and preparation work and if cable fault it take more to loadcables means at least one hour time lost for each shift this affecting our kpi and customer satisfaction. idea for 12 hours duty docx 12 hour duty time makes it easy notice that the best timingaway from more complaint is from 10 00 am to 10 00 pm as table below m morning shift is from10 00 am to 10 00 pm n night shift from 10 00pm to 10 00 am next day o off day please see the attached file.
establish different rates tariffs based on customer categories load. establishingdifferent rates tariffs based on load customer categories will allow benefitto those consumers who are maintaining low load to save energy and water itwill also motivate high consumption consumers to organize and reduce load toget benefited. how to motivateconsumer to participate for energy conservation. establishingdifferent rates tariffs based on load consumption consumer category lowerrates for lower load and lower consumption customer category educatingcustomer for energy conservation and benefits of it.
adding a feedback link for waffer in freejna website. to provide feedback for waffer program directly from freejnawebsite. no feedback link. adding a feedback link for waffer in freejna website.
must mention the office number and mobile number in the outlook for each employee. must and neccessary to mention the mobile number or number that the staff reply it anytime of each employee in the outlook. sometime i receive emails from other division coordinators and there is no details available for the one who sent the email only the office number is available in the outlook and the person sometime not available in the office in this case your work getting delay because of the non provided employee contacts. i suggest to make sure to provide mobile number in the outlook for each employee not only extensioto avoid and delay.
operation notice sticker on private owned 11kv switchgear. distribution control center landline number to be posted on private 11kv switchgear rmu for the consumer to call when doing operation. in several incident private consumer do not call update dcc when doing operation as a result the system is not updated increasing the likelihood of human error grounding live cable etc some consumer are not aware informed whom to call example occ wcd 300082905 where consumer grounded live cable at jf0154 pvt. a sticker with the statement operation notice before operation call dewa distribution control center dcc landline number four six thousand and twenty nine five hundred and fourteen or 04 just as how dfo follows operational protocol prccec so should private consumer to avoid disruptions in the system.
energy saving device start up aerofoil energy. i suggest to support the below idea start up aerofoilenergy to develop energy efficient performance in multiple sectors dewa can take this opportunity to support the idea as new technologyand to save energy in dubai reducing energy consumption not only reduces your fuelbills it also helps the environment by reducing your carbon footprint aerofoils are ecofriendly and are included on the government its energy technology list for energysaving technologies aerofoilenergy and williams are developing a new retrofittable aerofoil system thatattaches onto each refrigerator shelf to keep more of the cool air inside therefrigerator cabinet this innovative technology will result in significantenergy savings for supermarkets and convenience stores with correspondingbenefits for their carbon footprint the technology will also make the shoppingexperience more pleasant for consumers this energy saving device has been optimised by william sengineering specialists aerofoils help to keep the warm air in the shop warm bypreventing too much cold air from escaping from the fridge and spilling intothe aisles developing a new retrofit aerofoil system that keeps more ofthe cool air inside the refrigerator cabinet this innovative technology willresult in significant energy savings sainsbury its the uk its second largest supermarket chain hasbeen testing the product at a number of its stores with corresponding benefitsfor their carbon footprint pls check the belwo video and website of the aerofoilenergy https tv theiet org embedplayer html?id 7914 t 00 00 23 http www aerofoil energy co uk index php news. as above in idea description energy consumption. as above in idea description.
increase service life of your car tyre which may save your life. safety is better than cure. if you drive over the kerbstone or hit the kerbstone without necessary care you can run a risk of drastically reducing the service life of your tyre if you drive over the kerbstone too fast or at the wrong angle the impact may cause the tyre to crack bulging in the tyre sidewall indicates this type of damage. while taking a turn going up or down the parking ramp or approaching towards the parking exit ensure to take as wide angle as possible around the kerbstone and drive very slowly to avoid squashing the tyre.
fault recorder time synchronization. time synchronization of fault recorder to be upgraded to irig b technology. it will synchronization with only seconds not with milli seconds if any device restart need to set the date and time manually. if we change irig b method date and time will be directly synchronized with gps.
sand filling with grade slab in cable basement instead of concrete filling. to conceal the cable sleeves in basement c20 concrete is poured for a height of more than 1 0m due to this more concrete is getting used thereby increasing the load on raft foundation leads to increase in reinforcement also by converting the full concrete filling into sand filling with slab on grade concrete at top we shall reduce the load on raft by twenty five percent as well as we shall optimize the concrete material usage. due to concrete filling of 1 0m to 1 5m height weight on raft foundation also increases which in turn leads to increase the reinforcement requirement in raft moreover we shall not plan any future modification in cable routing in basement. after completion of raft and basement wall and ground floor slab concreting two coats of bituminous paint shall be applied if required on raft top and basement wall till ffl based on quality of sand material cable sleeves shall be kept in place the sand filling shall be done 250mm below the ffl then 50mm screed shall be laid to get leveled surface over than 200mm thick slab on grade shall be done with required slope towards drain channel slab on grade is required since there is will be requirement of cable support fixing.
please make a provision for the attachment of supporting documents in the application form of salary and service certificate in sap my portal system. those are staying in dewa family accommodation they are submitting hardcopy of house allotment letter through messenger for salary and service certificate for family visa renewal purpose due to this process certificate issuing is delaying instead of this manual process a provision for the attachment of supporting documents can be included in the application form of salary and service certificate in sap my portal system. delaying the process. a provision for the attachment of supporting documents can be included in the application form of salary and service certificate in sap my portal system.
substation and pmt statistics in area wise load reports. in order to identify the total number of substations considering a b c etc as one substation as well as total number of pmts connected for each feeder two separate columns were added in area wise load reports and updated for entire feeders based on spectrum this idea has been processed and then implemented now in all area wise load reports. as part of network load analysis it was difficult as well as time consuming to identify and calculate separately the total number of substations a b c etc as one substation and pmts connected for each and every mv feeder options available were referring several applications such as ring diagram history sap etc which utilizes more time and effort of the staff whenever this information is required. the above problem was solved by addition of two separate columns for each feeder in the areawise ring load reports by which these fields were updated using spectrum at a time within a period thereafter daily network changes were updated regularly those columns were for number of substations considering a b c etc as one ss and number of pmts connected per feeder in this process around two thousand nine hundred and sixty five rings were updated within a time period and then regular update were done based on network changes this idea has been processed and then implemented now in all area wise load reports.
waste bin for electrical and electronics waste. at present we don t have any electrical waste bin in our location and we are using same dust bin for the electrical waste. difficult to dispose and segregation of electrical waste i e electrical relays contactors etc. can be provided separate electrical waste bin in each deportments.
transport. home to work place and work place to home. parking. no traffic and out side parking avoid.
dewa vehicle using by tpm staff for daily activity. all tpd vehicles mandatory to be use even in spare by all working days. dewa vehicle need to drive minimum five km with fifteen mins time limit even near by ss also wrsn camp sss have to drive unnecessarily desire distance and spare vehicle also need to drive if some one on sick leave who is driving dewa vehicle. make the rule with the condition basis.
water saving. installing water saving devices at substations to control water flow. wasting the water due to improper adjustment. installing water saving devices.
enhance communication for outages. many of the project participants in tp divsion are not fully informed of the energizing program of new transmission projects. most of the times project schedule agreed with contractors during the time of award of contract do not match the implementation schedule outage plan is not desseminated to all project participants in time issues accumulating during closing out stages of project. outage plan to be confirmed with minimum three months notification to all project participants recommended to broadcast the following information on tv portals 1 start and end date of outage 2 countdown from start date.
unnecessary housing fee charged in dewa bill. dewa should charge housing fee as per tenancy contracts periods if residence tenancy contract start from 21 11 2016 to 20 11 2017 1 year dewa should charge as per the tenancy contract date. dewa have internal bond between dubaimunicipality so dewa charging in their e w bill for housing fee for every month five percent of total contract value for example 55000 year residence needs to pay 2750 year to dubai municipality if tenants contract starts from 21 11 2016 but dewa bill generation date 24 11 2016 only residence utilized 4 days but as per bill they charged 229 17 which is the amout for the month. housing fee shall be calculated as per pro rata criteria by this way dewa will not charge us with whole month its housing fee and we will be applicable to pay only the for the days that we have stayed in nevertheless it will save our time money and energy that we spend on going to municiplatiy office to get our reimbursent for the mistake that they did the bond between dewa and municipality charges shall be re structured as per the tenancy contract.
thankyou letter after the interview. an email that thank the candidate for attending the interview and inform him her that he wasn t selected for the post. its been noticed that the rejected candidates don t receive any feedback after the interview which makes them frustrated and unawre of the interview feedback. a thank you email to be sent from hr to the rejected candidates after the interview to thank them for attending the interview and inform them in a polite way that they were not selected for the applied post.
gym access for lower grade staff. provide of gym access for lower grade staff. in order to avail gym facility we as lower grade staff are spenting some amount monthly basis. provide gym facility to lower grade staff will help them to save some amount.
family airpassage for lower grade staff. due to high in cost of living in dubai it is very difficulty to manage with family for lower grade staff and providing of family airpassage for lower grade staff will help them to manage their family. grade six and below staff are gettting self alone due to which unable to bring the family and providing of family airpassage will help them. requesting of family airpassage facility to lower grade staff.
earn leave encashement system. encashment against accumulated earn leave. since we cannot carry forward more than forty four days to next year as per current practise. providing of encashment system will help for the staff who its are having more than forty four days el.
parking for own vehcile for grade seven and below staff. requesting parking facility made with interlock for grade seven below staff. presently provided parking made with stones which is damage the vehicle tyre and the staff are unable to walk in the gravels. providing parking facility with interlocks.
clocking exemption during foggy days for al warsan staff. clocking exemption has to be provided based territory on the foggy days. warsan staff unable to reach office on time during foggy days when fog is found over there. clocking exemption has to be provided based territory on the foggy days.
transmission substation drawings. all transmission ss drawings are available as a3 files only a4 size cupboards are avialble. we are unable to keep these drawings inside the cupboards. maintain all the drawings in a4 size itself.
refund for bulk accounts. companies real estate building owners hotels developpers ect requesting for refund for bulk accounts should be able to get their refund through collective cheque especially if they don t have a statement code. there is no option in sap that generate the refund for multi accounts chc will make complaints separately and individually for each account which is time consuming. add an option in sap refund bulk account in order to generate one checque refund for multi accounts.
afkari page mortification. at the moment with current afkaripage we can view maximum of the latest three ideas of a particular employee. we cannot view more than three latest ideas of any employee and also accordingly we even cannot vote for them. at the moment with current afkari page we canview maximum of the latest three ideas of a particular employee i would suggest that we should have the access to view andcomment for all the latest ideas which are still under voting regardless ofthe fact when it was submitted so in that way we all have the benefit for theuseful information and suggestions shared earlier and will also allow everyoneto have a fair voting.
auto reminder for in progress and pending tasks. system generated auto reminders on monthly basis for pending and in progress tasks recommendations in a8 notification in sap system. currently we are retrieving tasks list from sap system and checking for updated status and following all tasks with in progress and pending status with concern through email for updating status and is continuous process till completion of task task is actually recommendation raised through rca reports. auto reminders on monthly basis till its completion.
training clocking exemption. as noticed many employees are marked absent altough they have been sent to trainings. many employees are facing issues regarding their training attendance as trainings are not updated on time this clashes with the no punch no pay period and the employees would get an unauthorized leave and sometimes their salaries are deducted. if an option was available on sap to update trainings manually by employees it would be very easy to avoid salary deduction and would save follow up time if there was an option to mark the training days and to justify by mentioning the name of the training then the final approval is sent to the training department for verification the process would be more efficient and easy.
to increase productivity. at least one contractor to be allocated for rewinging and repairing the motors. finding diffucult to close the issues as the repairing is taking more time. we should have direct access at least to one of the contractor vendor for rewinding and repairing of motors and pumps it may improve the productivity and can save the time.
redeemed points for customer with clear license book. as part of the social participation coordinating with theother government we suggest extra points to be given to the customer with aclear driving book record this can be done during a campaign conducted by dewaunder a theme called your safety worth. breaking the rules and not following traffic instructions which causes in serious problem for the driver and people around. extra redeemable points system to be given to the customer with a clear licenses book record.
expand dubai electricity and water authority page in wikipedia. dubai electricity and water authority page expanded with relevant information for the benefit of people enquiring about dubai electricity and water authority page in wikipedia. currently dubai electricity and water authority page is a stub and limited information is available. it can be expanded with relevant information for the benefit of people enquiring aboutpage.
maternity leave for dewa women staff. similar what has been applied in some of other emirates i suggest to increase the maternity leave from two months to three months. working women does t assign sufficent time and care to their new born babies. increase the maternity leave to three months.
3d multi language ropot. using 3d multi language ropot with voice and video facilities for responding inquiries and helping customers suppliers. area of improvement it will reduce cost increase happaines of satkeholder it is a part of smart services plan.
provide efi direction in mv ring diagram. please mention the efi connection towards left side or right side efi l efi r of the substation in mv ring diagram this will be helpful for field engineers. during occurrance time engineers has to ensure the efi connection physically. mention efi direction in mv ring diagram.
power energizing floor. the floor converts footsteps into electricity that movement is converted into electricity fifteen watts on average and up to twenty five watts peak the tiles are modular connect forty tiles together and the network can generate up to one kw. dewa building are high energy consumers due to the work and employees requirements which goes against the sustainability strategy. the sustainable energy floor and sustainable dance floor convert footsteps into electricity as a person steps on an energy floor tile the tile flexes about ten mm that movement is converted into electricity fifteen watts on average and up to twenty five watts peak the tiles are modular connect forty tiles together and the network can generate up to one kw the technology already exists and needs only to be implemented it can be implemented in common work area and receptions.
sale emergency wall mounted light for dewa staff. tem removed emergency wall mounted light from substation and send to scrap yard i suggest to offer these lights with reasonable price for the interested deaw staff instead of scrap them. scrap emergency wall mounted light. sale the light for who interesting from dewa staff.
smartdata quality process. make use of excelmacro vba programming to automate our data auditing process. manual dataauditing is fundamentally based on the hard copies and external soft copies of datasources however collecting the source document reading some difficult handwritten and converting them into digital data as an excel cells are a complicatedchallenges. instead of usingthe data sources for auditing use the logic between the data sets if thevalue of data in field one is x so it should be y in field 2 establishing theserules in excel and using a visual basic programming to run it is the approachto automate the auditing process.
facility to check dewa email from smart app in mobile phone. facility to access view reply for dewa e mail from smart app in mobile phone. by installation 3rd party application we can able to access dewa emails in mobile. including facility to get an access for dewa email for mobile phones.
5s standard implementation. 5s is the name of a workplace organization method that uses a list of five japanese words seiri seiton seiso seiketsu and shitsuke the list describes how to organize a work space for efficiency and effectiveness by identifying and storing the items used maintaining the area and items and sustaining the new order. there is no common standard for administrative and operational employees to sort straighten shine standardize and sustain for their working environment. create a standard to implement 5s model communicate the new standard throw planned sessions and campaigns check attachment for overview.
afkari stars. to make award system for afkari stars explaination of the idea employees who are participating in afkari website to be collecting stars and be awarded depends on collection example of star system viewing opening afkari website per day one star will be added voting for ideas 2 stars will be added writing ideas fifteen star will be added writing comments seven stars will be added any like received by the employee for his her comments or ideas 2 stars will be added for each like any dislike received by the emplyee for his her comments or ideas 2 stars will be deleted for each dislike if an employee didn t do receive any of the above activities in afkari for three months or more i e his her stars didn t change for three months then half of his her stars will be deleted automatically note the activites and number of stars can be customized by innovation team stars award store there will be an icon in afkari homepage website called stars award store for an example and a lot of awards will be presented there with pictures title description of award and with the price of stars to get it all the awards will be in grey color but readable unless if the employee have the amount of stars to open it then it will be colorful and the employee can get the award in exchange of his her stars or he she can wait and collect more stars to gain another award in his her mind just like a game example for awards two hundred and fifty star free tickets to cinema two hundred and eighty star free one hundred salik re charge card two hundred and eighty star free one hundred etisalat du re charge card three hundred star free food dinner lunch voucher for two people in a certain resturant three hundred and fifty star discount for a certain shop the discount should be more valuable and different than waffer dicountsd three hundred and ninety star discount in certain hotel the discount should be more valuable and different than waffer dicountsd four hundred and thirty star free tickets for one of lovely activities in dubai the activity need to be named five hundred star voucher of free two nights in one of certain hotels 600 star sixty percent discount in one airplane ticket one thousand star certification and seventy percent discount on waterandelectricity bill for three months one thousand star certification and one earned leave added as a gift to the employee balance etc notes once the employee take the award the price amount of stars will be automatically deleted from him her the awards and amount of stars to gain can be customized by the innovation team hundred of different awards can be added.
knowledge sharing through dewa smart app. having a platform that goes beyond the working hours and accessable at all time this platform can be found in dewa smart app to discuss ideas books and articles moreover instead of having the usual share an hour presentations employees can read books and share their thoughts and inputs through the app. currently the only way we can share knowledge post attending a training or a course is through emails and to limited number of people in a dept and its only accessable in freejna intranet moreover if employees wants to share a book they read they must do a presentation about a book through share an hour and some employees might not be able to attend due to monthly deadlines etc. having a platform through dewa smart app that employees can access any time of the day and any where in which employees can share knowledge about any training and courses attended any books and aritcles read this will help in spreading knowledge through out dewa and will allow employees from all divisions and departments to interact togather and share knowledge.
helmet rack. provide spare safety ppe at the substations. most of the times engineers or supervisors who need to visit thesubstation forget their safety helmets their safety shoes and their reflectivevest. why not provide a safety helmet rack in each substation with at least two helmets and two vests for example for any engineer or fresh gt who needs to visit the substation but either forget or not being provided with his her safety ppe.
events image library digitaland centralized. a picture may worth athousand words digital images library comprises digital image collections support to lifelong learning research well as preservation and conservation of ourrecorded events image. stock for old or new dewa events images records i guess not available on dewa official and internal portal. a digital centralizedimage events library will be the solutions the library can been usedextensively to events image record store and disseminate the information inthe digital form on available portal.
donating mai dubai bottles and refreshments for labors. in line with the announcement of his highness shaikh khalifa bin zayed al nahyan to mark two thousand and seventeen as the year of giving i suggest establishing a campaign for donating mai dubai bottles along with refreshments for labors working in construction sites the funding for the campaign can be collected from dewa its employees whoever wants to. labors in construction sites are working very hard to keep our city aesthetically pleasant everyone working very hard in any industry need to feel appreciated as this is a natural human desire with this initiative the labors will feel the satisfaction as well as feel our appreciation for their hard work. donating water bottles and refreshments as an appreciation and to send a thank you letter for all the hard work done.
smartphone tissue. it is common among all people in uae that everybody use smartphones in their day to today life and its most surprising that many studies has provided this smartphone spreads germs eighteen times more than a public washroom hence it is required to save ourself and our family from spreading germs hence we have to clean our smartphone often to keep ourself safe from infections. we all are using smartphones daily and once in few minutes and thus it is required to stop the spreading of germs through smartphones refer attachment for the ways germs are spreading through smartphone. it is good we provide separate thin tissues indicating smartphone tissue in dewa offices and customer complaint bill payment offices so that this can be awareness for our employees and also to public to spread this awareness as dewa initiates many new innovation in dubai always.
increasing the font size of the contigency of the busbar and busbar switching. the font size of the contigency of the busbar and busbar switching is very small and needs to be increased as soon as possible. the font size of the contigency of the busbar and also the busbar switching is very small and not easy to see as operation engineer is releasing the busbar in night shift it will be more difficult for him to see the different numbers in contigency and bb switching due to darkness and this may increase the number of human errors. increasing the font size of the contigency and busbar switching.
emergency luminous sticker. include budget foremergency luminous sticker under budget of fleet management during preparationof annual budget. dfo departmentand other department whose responsibles to restore the supply in short timeshould be identify amongs all cars in street and budget for providing the sameshould be from fm budget similar to normal sticker since the scope of job of fm. annual budget plan along with new and replacement vehicles budget to be added under fm budget for emergency luminous sticker.
providing tie feeder in no load 33kv substations. providing tie feeder in no load 33kvsubstations noload 33kv substations to be deleted as early as possible to avoid dt tr lossesand station maintenance this33kv substations are connected with dt1 dt2 dt3 and dt4 and proposed fordeletion in future providingtie feeder between bus bars will help panels live one dt can be keep on inservice to feed all bbs and remaining dts can be switched off to avoid trlosses. dt tr losses and station maintenance. one no load 33kv substations to be deleted as early as possible 2 providing tie feeder between bus bars and switch off other dts except one dt to feed all bbs to avoid tr losses.
fitness allowance for employees. to encourage dewa staff to keep them selves fit and healthy it is better to offer fitness allowance for employees against bills already they paid. frequent sick leaves poor phisical fitness of staff have lots of impact on overall performance of organization these can be avoided by improving fitness by attending fitness centers or sports etc however due to expesnive matters many are ignoring neglecting to attend for fitness programs. dewa can offer reimbersment for bill already paid by employees to any recognised fitness centers sports clubs etc.
revision of salary increment system for the employees happiness. an organization needs talented and skilled individuals to build a successful business as these talented people are highly sought after an attractive and fair pay structure is often the key to bringing the best candidates on board when an organization is made up of people who are skilled and motivated the quality of the work automatically improves. the duration in between the two salary revisionsare longer compared to the revision structure in the outside job market once the employee received an increment as heor she is well aware that the next one will be happening after four or fiveyears so the chances for him or her to become careless or lazy gradually aboutthe job is high in some lower grades some senior staffs drawsless salary than newly joined the daily living expenses are getting increasedday by day. instead of making a salaryincrement once in four or five years a small increment can be given to theemployees in yearly basis whatever the increment planned to give by dewa after four or five years samecan be divided and given in yearly basis to the staff for this incrementsystem dewa can definitely consider the work performance of the employees aswell this system doesn t make any difference in dewa its standard package but as perthis system the senior staffs who areat least one year in the company will be drawing more salary than the one newlyjoined with the same grade so the longer one staff stays with the companywill feel more protected and happy as he is regularly getting at least someincrement in the yearly basis this will motivate the staff to stay with thecompany for longer term producing the better output for eg suppose dewa plans to give an increment of two thousand five hundred dhs for its employees after 5years consider the increase is inyearly basis then the increase in salary will be five hundred dhs per year one year is a short periodcomparing to five years as employees are finding some changes in their salaryevery year these kind of payment system will definitely improve the happinesslevel of the employees the main highlight of thissystem is dewa invests only the same amount with no extra financial burden but it results in the increase in employee happiness note the amount and the number of years are used for illustrative purposes only these can be decided by hr department as per their policies.
suggestion to incorporate buyback trade in options to encourage recycling safe disposal in addition to providing some added returns while procuring equipment for it workshops labs etc. millions worth of equipment are procured by several departments of dewa each year to meet the business needs these equipment are required either as replacement for old equipment and or for an upgrade subsequently the old equipment is disposed thru stores who either sell them for nominal value or send them to storage yard until appropriate disposal. equipment such as computers printers etc in addition to othersbelonging to electrical instrumentation mechanical workshops and chemicallaboratories are procured regularly each year they amount to millions worth ofdirhams in addition to generating accumulation of unusable old equipment aswaste these waste items fall into various categories e g e waste etc someof which are hazardous that require appropriate disposal to comply withenvironmental regulations. buyback or trade in is an option given to the suppliers to quote forthe new equipment along with a buyback price for the old equipment this oldequipment shall have been evaluated by their service engineers on as is condition in advance prior to submission of a quote by the vendor for a buyback by revising our equipment procurement procedure to incorporate thisbuyback option we can open up scope for disposal and or reuse of working partsof the used equipment thru authorized suppliers the objective being toimplement environmentally prudent practices this will also enable bringing insome added revenue to dewa management approvalat the division level shall be obtained for implementing this buyback tradein options during procurement of equipment theconditions of equipment procurement witha buyback trade in can be of the below manufacturerbased if the oldequipment is from a given manufacturer the equipment that is procured shallalso be from the same manufacturer the suppliershall be given an option to evaluate and give an offer for the old equipment asin where condition this is to encouragethe supplier local agent to trade in the old equipment and recycle its goodworking parts spares during maintenance of similar equipment elsewhere if the oldequipment has any radioactive parts the returning of this part to themanufacturer in accordance with fanr regulations will be easier for theauthorized supplier supplierbased it based e waste somesuppliers accept old equipment from any manufacturer and provide a discount forthe required new equipment thisgenerally may apply for it equipment suppliers as the it related equipmentrequired to be replaced more often almost once in 3 5 years such suppliersshall be encouraged by giving preferred ranking as they help the society torecycle the e waste cost based vendor supplier will be requested to provide a quote for the given spec of therequired equipment with or without the old equipment depending onthe cost savings the buyback option is withheld and the cost effectiveequipment is procured however thiscost based option shall be given lesser significance due to the disadvantages involvedin excluding the recycle option.
add family member to waffer programme. currently the benefits for waffer is only for dewa staff i suggest to allow adding two family members or friends who can use waffer as well. no family members included for the programme. allow two of the family members or friends to be linked with the employee id for waffer programme and a card can be initiated to them as well for waffer purpose only.
kw phase minus two calculator remarks in power noc. as from 01 01 2017 kw phase 2 will be implemented isuggest that following remarks to be added in power noc now you can plan the budgetcost for your new electricity permanent connection in advance by using the slab unit rate calculator with oneclick web link of calculator only tandc applied. nil. add one remarks in power noc.
change duty timing for dp hudaiba office to seven point one five to 14 15. duty timing for staffs for dp division in hudaiba office shall be changed from 07 30 14 30 to 07 15 14 15. there are more than three hundred staffs with vehicles coming for duty in hudaiba office it is observed that the traffic to reach office at seven point three is hectic than reaching little earlier by 07 15am most of the sharjah residence staffs reach office well in advance by 07 00am also while leaving office at 2 30pm all staffs are rushing to avoid traffic which starts at 2 30pm. a slight change in timing for general shift to 7 15 14 15 from extg 7 30 14 30 will ease traffic during peak hours for dubai and also save pollution due to delay in traffic signals.
executive profile in freejna. inorder to familiarize authority top management officials to the staff thefollowing executive profile brief to be published in freejna 1 h e mdandceo 2 evp bsandhr 3 evp ch 4 evp dp 5 evp sandbd 6 evp g pandw 7 evp iandtf 8 evp pandw planning 9 evp tp 10 evp wandc 11 cfo 12 cla 13 vp ia 14 vp mandc.  authority top management executive profiel to be published in freejna.
display of safety posters in japs. huge safety posters can be displayed paint posters inside japs in the following areas 1 lamp posts across the road 2 plant areas like buildings tankfarms etc 3 include as slideshow in led panels installed at offices. there is a lack of safety posters inside japs to frequently remind employees of safe work practices. safety posters when seen regularly implant subconscious messages for employees to practice safety measures and avoid accidents.
awarding nearmiss reporting staff in the department. to encourage staff to report nearmisses as a proactive safety measure we shall award the staff who reported nearmisses in two thousand and sixteen. staff reporting nearmisses are not adequately recognised encouraged. we shall constitute annual awards for the staff in mmd who reports nearmisses.
avoid access violation. access violation of dewa properties like substation doors water meter chambers etc. many people park their vehicles on the water main meter chambers or infront of substation door or electricity meter incloures which cause in delay of inspection and periodic meter reading and other maintanence. like if some vehicles are parked in unauthorized parking zone they are fined by the authorized authority dewa should have a system to issue fine to those who are caught violating.
